Utterances
How can I block the promotional SMS and ads that I am receiving?
I need a way to block some companies that are sending me promotions please.
Is there a way to block companies that send me SMS advertisements?
Some companies are sending me promotions and ads through SMS how can I block them?
I'm getting many ads from companies can I block them?
How do I block companies that are sending me promotions?
How can I stop Etisalat promotional SMS?
How to stop annoying ads on my phone?
Is there a toll free number to block ads and SMS from my phone?
Is there a block option to avoid nwanted SMS and ads?
What do I do to get rid of ads and SMS?
can you block all ads that i am receiving through sms ?
It is annoying to get promotional sms please block it on my number.
Can you tell me how to block promotional sms from companies?
can you block promotional sms on my number.
I don’t want to get promo sms from anyone can you block it for me?
Any suggestion on how to block promotional SMS and ads from different companies?
Can you help me block promotional SMS and ads from different companies?
I am receiving promotional SMS and ads from different companies. What shall I do to block then?
I want to block promotional SMS and ads from different companies. What shall I do?
How can I block all the ads and promotional sms I'm getting from various companies?
You gotta help me block the promotional SMS & ads from various companies.
I wanna block the constant promotional ads and messages. Can you help me with that?
I'm fed up with the ads and messages that I'm constantly getting. How can I block them?
There are too many promotional SMS & ads that I'm getting. Tell me how I can block them.
Is there a way to flag a number as spam?
If I want to block a number how do I do it?
I am getting annoying phone calls how do I stop them from calling?
Can I set up a block list?
How do I block spam calls?
How do I stop getting spam texts?
How can I stop unwanted SMS on my mobile?
How do I stop receiving bulk SMS?
How do I block promotional messages?
How to stop receiving advertisement SMS?
Where can I block SMS ads from getting to me?
Can you block advertisers from my phone?
How do I block advertisers from sending me SMS messages?
How can I get rid of SMS and ads on my phone?
How do I block ads from my phone?
How do I block spam texts?
What do I do to stop ads from coming through?
How do I stop other companies from sending me unwanted texts?
How do I block SMS and ads from companies?
I want to block SMS promotion and ads what do I do?
Tell me how to block unwanted texts and ads.
I need to block spam texts and ads. How do I do that?
I want to block certain texts and ads. How do I do that?
I am getting unwanted texts and ads. How do I block them?
How do I block spam texts and ads?
How can I prevent different companies from sending me ads and promotional SMS?
How do I stop getting promotional SMS and ads from different companies?
How can I prevent getting promotional SMS and ads from different companies?
How can I block promotional SMS and ads?
How do I block all of these promotional SMS and ads that I keep getting from different companies?
Different companies keep sending me SMS promotional ads can I block these?
Is there a way to block promotional SMS messages?
How do you block ads/promotions?
Can I block SMS ads?
Is it possible to block SMS ads?
What are the blocking options for promotional SMS?
Is there a way to block promotional SMS?
How do I stop getting promotional SMS?
What to do to block promotional SMS?
How to block promotional SMS?
How to I block promotional SMS messages from companies?
I want to block SMS texts from companies.
I want to block promotional SMS messages from companies.
How do I block promotional texts?
How to I block promotional texts from companies?
Some strange companies keep on sending me SMS ads and I need it to stop
Can you block ad messages from being sent to me?
I need to block some ad companies
A bunch of companies are sending me ads and SMS messgage how do I stop it?
How do I block SMS ads?
How can I unsubscribe SMS promotional ads?
How can I block on SMS promotional ads?
Block me from SMS promotional ads.
I don’t like receiving SMS ads on my cellphone?
I want to block promotional SMS?
How to block companies that send ads and promo messages?
How do I stop advertisements from companies?
How do I block companies from sending me promos?
How to stop companies from sending me promo texts and ads?
How to block ads and promotional messages?
I only want Etisalat ads how can I block non-Etisalat ads?
I don't want to receive ads from other companies what should I do?
How not to receive SMS promos that are not frrom Etisalat?
What are the steps to block promotional SMS from other companies?
How can I block ads from companies not part of Etisalat?
What are the ways to block SMS ads from different companies?
Are there ways to block SMS ads from different companies?
Can I block the SMS ads from different companies?
How can I block SMS ads from different companies?
I am receiveing SMS ads from different companies what are the ways to block them?
How can I unsubscribe from receiving promotional SMS and ads from different companies?
I keep getting advertisements through SMS from different companies how do I stop them from sending me SMS?
How can I block the numbers of different companies that keep sending me promotional SMS and ads?
I keep receiving promotions and ads from a variety of companies how do I block their numbers?
How can i lock out random promotions?
How do i avoid unsolicited promotional messages?
How do i avoid getting promotional messages?
How can i protect myself from spam?
Is there a way to block spam messages?
I don’t like promotional ads from different companies How I can cancelled it ?
How do I remove the ads sent to me via sms?
Im getting unintended promotional ads How I can move it?
Why I can receive promotional ads How I can stop it?
How I can eliminate for getting promotional ads from different companies
How do I get rid of SMS ads?
What do I need to do to stop these promotional SMS?
How can I make these promotional ads stop?
Can you show me how to block promotional ads I receive through SMS?
How do I block these promotional SMS and ads?
I dont want to receive promotional SMS and ads from different companies how can it?
I dont want to receive promotional SMS and ads from different companies how can I block them?
how can I block the promotional SMS and ads from different companies that they are sending me?
how can I block the promotional SMS and ads from different companies that I'm receiving?
how can I block the promotional SMS and ads from different companies that I'm getting?
How to end this promotional ads and SMS I received from other companies?
How to terminate this promotional ads and SMS send to me by other companies
How can I exclude myself from receiving promotional sms and ads from different network company?
How can I report promotional SMS and ads from different companies sent to me?
How can stop myself from receiving promotional SMS and ads from different companies?
Can you stop the promotional SMS and ads received to my number?
Can you tell me how to block promotional SMS and ads?
Is there a way to block promotional SMS and ads?
How do I block promotional SMS and ads?
how do I stop receiving ads on my mobile?
can you tell me how to stop receiving all promotional sms?
what should I do to block all promotional sms?
I'm getting too much ads sms how do I stop them?
how do I block all ads sms from my account?
What should I do to block promotional SMS and ads from different companies?
I want to block promotional SMS and ads from different companies.
Is it possible to block promotional SMS and ads from different companies?
How do I block promotional SMS and ads for different companies?
How to block third part ads and promotional sms?
How to stop  ads and promotional sms service?
How should I shop getting ads and promotional SMS?
How to stop getting receiving ads and promotional sms?
I want to get rid of all promotional SMS and ads from my number. How to do so?
It's very annoying to see promotional SMS and ads. How to get rid of them?
How to block promotional content in my number?
How to activate the DND service?
I want to block all promotional SMS and ads in my number. How to do so?
I need info about blocking the promotional SMS and ads from different companies.
Is there any way to block promotional SMS and ads from different companies which I am getting recently?
Please assist me to block promotional SMS and ads from different companies.
Can I block the promotional SMS and ads from different companies?
How to block the promotional SMS and ads from different companies?
Please block promotional sms and ads for the account 9435435333.
Procedure to block promotional sms and ads please.
I keep getting SMS and ads from different companies every hour. Guide me on blocking them.
The promotional SMS and ads are quite annoying Can you tell me how to block them?
Need details on how to block all promotional SMS and ads.
Please unsubscribe me from all 3rd party services
Please stop all the unwanted promotional SMS. I am not interested in
What is the SMS format for blocking annoying ads
I am not interested in promotional matters. How to stop it.
How to activate do not disturb feature for blocking promotional matters
Can you help me in blocking promotional SMS and ads from different companies?
Hey I got a lot of promotional SMS and ads from different companies. How can I block them?
What is the process to block promotional SMS and ads from different companies?
Do you know how can I block  promotional SMS and ads from different companies?
Can you tell me about how can I block promotional SMS and ads from different companies?
Can you help me to block Promotional SMS from different companies?
How to stop promotional SMS and ads from different companies
What should I do to block the different promotional SMS
I wish to block Promotional SMS from different companies how to do that?
How to stop Promotional SMS as I gets more ads from different companies
Is it possible to stop these annoying promotional sms.
How can I stop ads?
Please show me the steps to block ads.
I don’t want ads what should I do to stop them?
What are the steps to block ads?
show me how to block spam SMS
i want to block certain SMS how do it do that?
i am getting a lot of spam SMS show me how to block it
where can i set block for ads and promotional SMS?
can you block spam SMS for me?
I need your assistance to know what to do to stop getting promotional SMS and ads from different companies.
Help me to know the steps to follow for stopping the promotional SMS and ads from different companies.
Please tell me the procedure to stop getting the promotional SMS and ads from different companies.
Can you please tell me the steps to block the promotional SMS and ads from different companies.
I want to inform you that I am gettting promotional SMS and ads from different companies and I request you to tell me the procedure to stop it.
What is the procedure to block promotional SMS and Ads from different companies?
What is the easiest way to block promotional SMS and Ads from different companies?
What are the ways to block promotional SMS and Ads which I receive from different companies?
Is there any way to block promotional SMS and Ads which I receive from different companies?
I need to block some companies because of promotional SMS and ads. How can i achieve this?
What can i do to prevent promotional SMS and ads from companies?
Tell me how i can block SMS and ads from different numbers please.
What do i have to do to block promotional SMS and ads from different companies?
How can i block promotional SMS from different companies?
How can I go about blocking unwanted promotional SMS and ads?
How can I turn off promotional ads from different companies and SMS?
What do I need to do to block ads from different companies and SMS?
I want to block promotional SMS and ads from different companies; how does that work?
How do I block ads and promotional SMS?
I don't want promotional SMS and ads. What can i do to block them
I want to block promotional SMS and ads. What do i have to do
i want to block promotional SMS and ads. how can i do that
what do i have to do to block promotional SMS and ads
How i can block promotional SMS and ads
I want to block my number for promo SMS and ads.
What do I have to do to block promotion SMS and ads?
How to block promo SMS and ads?
Is it possible to block promo SMS and ads?
How can I block annoying ads and SMS?
how can I prevent SMS with ads?
various companies send me advertisements how can I prevent this?
how can I prevent advertisements from being displayed?
how can I block marketing SMS on my device?
how do I block ads?
Where are the settings to block unwanted promotional SMS?
How can I block unnecessary SMS?
Where do I block unwanted SMS?
Is there a way to block unwanted Promo-SMS?
How can I block unwanted spam SMS?
What can I do to stop getiing promotional SMS and ads?
Can I block promotional SMS and ads? How?
How do I block unwanted SMS?
I get  SMS I dont't want from different senders. How do I stop it?
I get unwanted SMS from different senders. How do I stop it?
I want to know how to block advertising SMS?
can I also block advertising SMS and advertisements and how do I do that?
how can I block numbers to send advertising SMS?
what do I have to do if I don't want to receive advertising SMS anymore?
how do I block advertising SMS and ads?
I am getting a lot of  promotional SMS and ads. How do I block them?
Tell me how I can block  promotional SMS and ads.
I need to block  promotional SMS and ads.
Is there a way to block  promotional SMS and ads?
Can you show me how to block promotional SMS and ads?
Why are you sending me this ads on my phone?
Can I configure ads?
Help me blocking this sms spammer.
I want to block a spammer.
I need an adblocker.
It is possible to stop the SMS and ads?
Can I stop the promotions SMS and ads?
It is possible to block the promotion SMS?
How I can stop the SMS and ads for promotions?
How I can block the promotion SMS?
I want to opt out from promotional SMS and ads.
How to unsubscribe from promotional messages?
Where can I disable promotion SMS and ads?
I don't want to receive SMS promotions and ads anymore.
How can I block ads and poromotions?
I do not want to see promotional SMS and ads from different companies. Is blocking possible?
I do not want to receive promotional SMS and ads from different companies. How do I block it?
Can promotional SMS and ads be blocked by different companies?
Can I block promotional SMS and ads from different companies?
i don't want to get promotional SMS any help?
is there any feature to block  promotional SMS?
what are the steps should i do to stop receiving promotional SMS?
can i stop receiving promotional SMS?
How do I stop receiving promotional SMS?
please I want not to receiving  ads/SMS of companies ?
could you remove feature of receiving ads and SMS of companies?
There a lot of promotional messages and ads that annoying me cancel this feature please.
could I stop receiving companies offers' messages/ads?
Please I want to stop promotional messages  .
How can I stop getting annoying promotional and commercial SMSs
I get too much ads from different company as well as SMS promotions. How can I stop that?
Please help me to stop getting promotional SMS and ad materials.
How can I block SMS promotional and ad materials?
How do I block promotional SMS and ads from different companies?
can you help me in removing the promotional sms and adds from my account
can you please remove the ads from my account
how to prevent promotional ads and sms from my account
I want to block promotional sms from reaching me
I want to prevent the ads from poping up
How to block ads and promotional SMS?
I dont want to receive SMS with ads and promotions can you block them?
I dont wan't all these advertisements stop and block them
Can i block the third party promotions and ads?
Block the ads I'm receiving please
I want to block the ads from different companies
Please stop sending me SMS and ads
show me how to clear my name from the AECB default list
can you help me clear my name from the AECB default list?
what is the process for clearing my name from the AECB default list?
my credit score was affected by Etisalat bill and i want to know how to clear my name from the AECB default list
I need instructions to clear my name from AECB default list.
Show me how to get my name off the AECD default list.
What are the steps involved in removing my name from the AECB default list?
How should I get my name off the AECB default list?
Help me get my name off the AECB default list.
My credit score was affected by my Etisalat bill. How to clear my name from AECB default list?
How do I remove my name from AECB default list as My Credit Score was affected by my Etisalat bill
I want to clear my name from AWCB default list how to do that?
Tell me how to clear my name from AECB default list
How to clear my name from AECB default list because my credit score got affected by the Etisalat bill?
What is easiest way to clear my name  from AECB default list as my credit score got affected by the Etisalat bill?
What is the method to clear my name from the AECB default list as my credit score got affected by Etisalat bill?
How to clear my name from AECB default list as my credit score was affected by the Etisalat bill?
Which steps can i perform to remove my name from the AECB default list after my credit score was affected by my Etisalat bill?
Can i clear my name from the AECB default list if my score was affected by my Etisalat bill? If yes how can i do this?
I noticed that my credit score was affected by my Etisalat bill. What do i have to do to clear my name from the AECB default list?
What possibilites are available to remove my name from the AECB default list when my score was affected by my Etisalat bill?
How can i clear my name from the AECB default list if my score was affected by my Etisalat bill?
My credit score was set back by my Etisalat invoice. What can I do to get my name scratched off the AECB default list?
A decline of my credit score took place because of my Etisalat bill. How do I erase my name from the AECB default list?
My credit score was influenced by my Etisalat bill. How can I get my name off the AECB default list?
Due to my Etisalat bill my credit score was affected negatively. What do I need to do to get my name off the AECB default list?
My Etisalat bill affected my credit score. How can I get my name deleted from the AECB default list?
What should i do to clear my name from the AECB default list
How can i clear my name from the AECB default list
Please assist me to clear my name from AECB default list because my credit score was affected by my Etisalat bill
Can you clear my name from the AECB default list
I need to clear my name from the AECB default list
I had an issue with my bill. Can you clear my name from the AECB default list.
My credit score is bad how can I clear my name from the AECB default list?
I'd like to clear my name from AECB default list.
What to I have to do to get my AECB default list cleared?
How to clear my name from AECB default list?
my entry on the AECB list should be deleted - how does that work?
What can I do to have my entry removed from the AECB list?
My credit rating has been reduced. How can I get my name off the AECB list?
how does removing my name from the AECB list work?
How can I get my entry down from the AECB list?
Can I clear my name from the default list of AECB?
Is there a way to erase my name from AECB`s list?
Where do I apply to AECB to purge my name from their database?
How can I make AECB forget my name?
Can I somehow erase my name from the default list of AECB?
My credit score was affected by my Etisalat bill and I want my name cleared from AECB default list.What can I do?
My credit score was affected by my Etisalat bill and I want my name cleared from AECB default list. What must I do?
My credit score was affected by my Etisalat bill. How can I clear my name from AECB default list?
My credit score was affected by my Etisalat bill. How do I get my name off of AECB default list?
I want my name cleared from the AECB list where it is now because of the Etisalat bill. What can I do to clear it?
how can I delete my name from the AECB standard list because my creditworthiness has been affected by an account statement?
can you tell me how to delete my name from the AECB standard list because my credit rating was affected by my Etisalat bill?
i need help deleting my name from the AECB standard list because my credit rating was affected by my budget bill what do i need to do?
can i delete my name from the AECB standard list because my credit worthiness was influenced by my Etisalat bill?
i have to delete my name from the AECB standard list because my credit rating was affected by my Etisalat invoice how do i proceed now?
My name is on AECB default list. How can I clear it from there?
Tell me how I can clear my name from AECB default list.
Is it possible to have my name cleared from AECB default list?
I would like to have my name cleared from AECB default list. How can I do it?
Can you please tell me how I can clear my name from AECB default list?
Do I have to do anything to get removed from this default list?
Please remove me from the default list. I paid everything.
I paid my bill. Remove me from aecb list.
Because my Etisalat bill is affected my credit score; can you clear my name from the AECB list?
Can your delete my name from the AECB list?
I have the problem that credit score affected by my Etisalat bill. Can you putt off my name from the AECB list?
It is possible to clear my name from the AECB document?
What can I do that my name was delete from the AECB list?
I need to clear my name from the AECB default list after an Etisalat bill. How?
I would like to bring it to your notice that my credit score was affected by my Etisalat bill so please tell me how to clear my name from AECB default list.
I request you to tell me how to clear my name from AECB default list because my credit score was affeced by my Etisalat bill
Please tell me how to clear my name from AECB default list because my credit score was affected by my Etisalat bill
what is the procedure to clear my name from ACEB default list as many credit score was affected by Etisalat bill?
An Etisalat bill affected my credit score. Where can I clear my name from the AECB default list?
My credit score got affected. How can I resolve the issue?
How can I clear my name from the AECB default list after a credit score decrease?
I noticed a credit score impact due to my Etisalat bill. How to resolve it?
Can I delete my data from the AECB standard list due to my influenced credit worthiness?
Due to the affected credit worthiness I would like to delete my data from the AECB standard list. How is that possible?
I have to delete the data from the AECB standard list because my credit rating was affected by my etisalate bill. How does it work?
My Etisalat bill influenced my credit rating. Is it possible to delete my name from the AECB standard list?
My credit rating was influenced by my Etisalat bill. How do I delete my data from the AECB standard list?
what should i follow to clear my name from AECB list while My credit score was affected by my Etisalat bill.
My credit score was affected by my Etisalat bill. any help to clear my name from AECB list?
what are the steps to I clear my name from AECB default list?
can i clear my name from AECB default list?
How can I clear my name from AECB default list?
Is my name at the AECB default list as my score was affected by Etisalat bill?
If my credit score was affected by Etisalat bill how I remove my name from AECB default list?
could you remove my name from default AECB list please?
what are the steps of deleting a name from default AECB if the credit score was affected by Etisalat bill?
How could I remove my name from AECB list  as my credit score was affected by Etisalat bill?
I had my credit score affected by my Etisalat bill. what should I do to clear my name from AECV default list?
My credit score was affected by my Etisalat bill. Please help me clear my name from AECB default list.
Tell my how to clear my name from AECB default list after my credit score was affected by Etisalat bill.
I want to clear my name from AECB default list since my credit score was affected by my Etisalat bill.
My Etisalat bill affected my credit score. How can I clear my name from AECB default list?
can you help in removing me from AECB list
Can we clear my name from the AECB list?
My credit score is bad how can I fix it?
What should I do to remove my name from the AECB default list?
Do you know how can I clear my name from AECB default list as my credit score was affected by my Etisalat bill?
What is the process to clear my name from AECB default list?
I want to clear my name from AECB default list please guide me.
Due to Etisalat bill my credit score is affected. Can you help me to clear my name from AECB default list?
Is there any way to clear my name from AECB default list?
I need to delete my name from AECB default list since my credit score was affected by my Etisalat bill
Can you please erase my name from AECB list.
I need to take my name out from the AECB listing
How can I remove my name from the AECB default list
How to clear all my personal information from AECB list
My Etisalat bill screwed up my credit score. Help me to clear my name from AECB default list.
I settled my Etisalat bill long back but the changes are not yet reflected. Now my name is added to the AECB list. I want to clear it.
My name is in AECB default list because of the late payment of Etisalat bill. How can I clear it?
I have all the proofs for settling the Etisalat bill. Let me know how to clear my name from AECB default list
I have disputed my bad credit report of Etisalat which was settled long back. How to proceed on clearing my name from AECB default list.
I would like to clear my name from AECB default list since my credit score is being affected by Etisalat bill.
My credit score was affected by Etislat bill and I wasn’t to clear my name from AECB default list. Please assist me regarding this.
What is the method to remove my name from AECB default list my credit score is being affected by Etisalat bill  and would like to remove my name from AECB.
IS there any way to clear my name from AECB default list? Because my credit score was affected by my Etisalat bill.
My credit score was affected by my Etisalat bill. How do I clear my name from AECB default list?
Please assist me to remove my name from AECB default list my credit score is being affected by my Etisalat bill.
I want to clear my name from AECB default list. How to do it?
What are the steps required to clear my name from AECB default list?
Can you help me clearing my name from AECB default list?
How to clear my name for AECB default list?
How to get my name out of AECB default list?
What is name removal process from AECB default list?
How to remove my name from AECB default list?
How to get out of AECB default list?
What can I do to clear my name from AECB default list as my credit score is affected by my Etisalat bill?
How can I get my name removed from AECB default list which affected my credit score by my Etisalat bill?
I have my name in AECB default list which affected my credit score due to my current Etisalat bill. How can i get my name clear from default list?
I want to clear my name from Etisalat default list because it affected my credit score due to my Etisalat bill.
My Etisalat bill affected my credit score and i now have my name in AECB default list. How can i get my name cleared from the list?
my credit was affected by my etisalat bill can you remove my name from AECB list?
how do I remove my name from AECB list?
my credit was impacted by my etisalat bill can you help me remove my name from AECB list?
what should I do to clear my name from AECB list?
how can I clear my name from AECB list?
I want to clear my name from AECB default list.
Can you tell me how can I clear my name from AECB default list that was affected by my bill?
Can you help me clear my name from AECB default list?
What should I do to clear my name from AECB default list after being affect by Etisalat bill?
What is required to clear my name from AECB default list?
My credit score was degrading because of my Etisalat bill How can I clear my name from AECB default list?
My credit score was decrease because of my Etisalata bill. How may I able to refresh my name from AECB default list?
My Credit score was stirred by my Etisalat bill. How can I remove my name from AECB default list?
My credit score was stimulated by my Etisalat bill. How can to unlist my name from AECB default list?
My credit score was afflicted by my Etisalat bill. How to exclude myself from AECB default list?
I found out that my credit score was afftected by my Etisalat bill. How do I clear my name from AECB default list?
I found my name in the AECB default list and I realized that my credit score was affected by my Etisalat bill. Can you tell me how do I clear my name from it?
My name is already on the AECB default list since my credit score was affected by my Etisalat bill. What should I do to clear my name?
Is it possible to clear my name from the AECB default list and how?
My credit score was affected by my Etisalat bill. Can you help me clear my name from AECB default list?
Can I clear my name from the AECB default list?
Would you be able to assist me in clearing my name from the AECB default list?
How do I take my name off the AECB default list?
What do I do to have my name removed from AECB default list?
Can you help me with taking out my name from the default list of AECB?
My credit score involved to  Etisalat bill and I want to cleanse my Name from AECB default list?
How I can make clear my in AECB default list since my credit score was damage by Etisalat bill
How I can delete my name from AECB default list since my credit score appeared and affected by Etisalat bill
What can I do for my credit score that was complicate  by my Etisalat bill  and I want to secure my Name from AECB default list
Can you help me to fix my Name from AECB default list  that was affected by my Etisalat bill?
How do I clear my name and  credit score of charges stemming from my Etisalat bill?
How can i renew my credit standing with AECB which was affected by my Etisalat bill?
How can i improve my credit score with AECB after being affected by my Etisalat bill?
How can i clean my credit standing after being affected by my Etisalat bill?
How can i settle charges from my Etisalat bill which affected my credit score?
I would like to clear my name from the AECB default list because my credit score was affected by my Etisalat bill. How do I go about it?
My credit rating was damaged by my Etisalat bill; how can I clear my name from AECB default list?
I want to clean my name from AECB default list due to my credit score being affected by the Etisalat bill. What do I need to do?
The Etisalat bill affected my credit score and I want to clear my name from AECB default list. How do I go about it?
My credit rating was damaged by my Etisalat bill. How do I clear my name from AECB default list?
My credit score was affected by my Etisalat bill How can I clear my name in AECB default list?
My Etisalat bill affected my credit score What are the ways to clear my name in AECB default list?
My credit score was affected by my Etisalat bill How can I remove my name in AECB default list?
My credit score was affected by my Etisalat bill What do I need to do to clear my name in AECB default list?
My name is in AECB default list because my Etisalat bill affected my credit score how can I clear my name there?
How to clear name from AECB default list after having bad credit score?
What to do to clear name from AECB default list after credit score issue?
I got a bad credit score because of my Etisalat bill. What to do to clear name frrom AECB default list?
How to clarify credit score issue under my name after it was affected by Etisalat bill?
Can I clear my name from AECB default list if I got a bad credit score because of my Etisalat bill?
How to remove myself in AECB list?
How do I remove my name in the AECB list?
What is AECB list and what do I do to be removed in it?
How do I erase my name in the AECB list?
Is it possible to clear my name from AECB default list because it was affected on my Etisalat bill?
What are the way to clear my name at AECB default list so my credit score at Etisalat will not be affected?
Which process should I take to clear my name to AECB default list?
I want my credit score to be clear how can I clear my name to AECB default list?
Can you tell me how to clear my name at AECB default list to have high credit score at Etisalat?
How do I clear my name from the AECB default list?
I need my name cleared from the AECB default list because of Etisalat
How can I get my name off of the AECB default list?
Etisalat has affected my credit score and now my name is on the AECB list can you take it off?
Where can I remove my name from the default AECB list that Etisalat put me on?
I want to say that my credit score was affected by my Etisalat bill so please tell me how to clear my name from AECB default list.
i want to clear my name from the AECB default list as my credit score was affected by Etisalat bill can you help me?
How would I clear my name from the AECB default list?
I want to clear my name from the AECB default list. How would I do that.
Is it possible to clear my name from the AECB default list?
My Etisalat bill impacted my credit score. Is it possible to clear my name from the AECB default list?
What to do to clear my name from AECB default list?
Can I to clear my name from AECB default list?
What steps do I have to do to clear my name from AECB default list?
Is there a way to clear my name from AECB default list?
A past bill hit/dinged my credit score how can I clear my name?
My credit score dropped after my last bill and I need my name cleard from AECB default list?
How can I fix my credit score after last bill lowered it?
A late payment lowered my credit score can you tell me how to repair it?
I need to fix my credit score after a previous bill messed it up can you give me some advice?
My Etisalat bill affected my credit score. How do I get my name removed from the AECB default list?
My Etisalat bill negatively impacted my credit score. How can I get my name taken off the AECB default list?
How can I get my name cleared from the AECB default list now that my Etisalat bill has affected my credit score?
My credit rating has been negatively impacted by my Etisalat bill. How do I go about clearing my name from the AECB default list?
What steps do I need to take to have my name removed from the AECB default list after having my credit rating affected by my Etisalat bill?
How do I fix my credit score from the Etisalat bill?
How do I get off the AECB default list?
What do I do to remove myself from the AECB list?
Help me fix my credit and remove me from the AECB list.
What are steps to be removed from the AECB default list?
My credit score took a hit because of my bill how do I fix this?
Can you help me fix an issue with my credit score that was a result of my bill?
I’m on the AECB default list due to an Etisalat bill how do I repair that?
Can you help me get off the AECB default list which happened as a result of an Etisalat bill?
My credit score was affected by my bill can you help me get off the AECB default list please?
My credit score was affected by my Etisalat bill. Could you clear my name from AECB default list?
My credit score was affected by my Etisalat bill. Is any way to  clear my name from AECB default list?
My credit score was affected by my Etisalat bill. I would like to remove my name from AECB default list?
I need to clear my name from AECB default list? How to do it?
Please clear my name from AECB default list?
How do I fix my credit score that was affected by Etisalat?
My credit score dropped because of Etisalat. How do I fix it?
Why did my credit score drop? I need to fix it.
My Etisalat bill affected my credit score. How can I fix it?
I need my name cleared from the AECB default list.
They reduced my credit score due to my Etisalat bill. Can you let me know how to clear my name from the AECB default list?
I'm wondering how to clear my name from the AECB default list. My credit score got affected due to my Etisalat bill
Do you know of a way to clear my name from the AECB default list? My credit score has been affected by my Etisalat bill.
My Etisalat bill has affected my credit score. How can I clear my name from AECB default list?
Give me the process to clear my name from AECB default list. My credit score has been affected due to my Etisalat bill.
My Credit Score was affected by my Etisalat bill. What can I do to fix this issue?
My Credit Score was affected by my bill. How can I restore my good credit?
There was a problem with my bill which affected my Credit Score. How do I clear my name from AECB default list?
Due to a problem with my bill my name is on the AECB default list. How do I clear my name from that list?
My Credit Score has been affected by my Etisalat bill. How do I clear my name and restore my credit rating?
My Etisalat bill affected my credit score. How can I clear my name from the default list of AECB ?
My Etisalat bill affected my credit score. How do I delete my name from AECB default list?
My credit rating was affected by my Etisalat bill. Is there a way to remove my name from AECB default list?
My Etisalat bill affected my credit rating. How do I clear my name from AECB default list?
My Etisalat bill affected my credit rating. How do I delist my name from AECB default record?
Can you tell me how to clear my name from AECB default list?
I missed paying the bill for a month help me to remove my name form AECB default list
How to clear my name form AECB defualt list.
My name has been entered into AECB default list since I wasnt able to pay the bill for a month how to get it removed?
How to remove my name form the AECB default list are there any documents needed for it?
My Etisalat bill affected my credit score due to which i am in the AECB default list. how will i clear it?
What is the procedure to clear my name from AECB default list as my credit score was affected by my Etisalat bill?
What are the steps  to clear my name from AECB default list as my credit score was affected by my Etisalat bill?
In what way can i get rid of my name from AECB default list as my credit score was affected by my Etisalat bill?
Which are the ways by which i can  get rid of my name from AECB default list as my credit score was affected by my Etisalat bill?
My Etisalat bill has affected my credit score can I clear my name from AECB?
How can I clear my name from the AECB list? Because the Etisalat bill affected my score.
Is there a way to not let my Etisalat bill affect my credit score at AECB?
My Etisalat bill affected my credit score and I need to clear my name from AECB list how can I do that?
My credit score was affected by my phone bill is there a way to clear my name from AECB default list?
I need to call my friend but I don't have credit how can I do it?
Can you help me figure out how to do a collect call?
I want to do a collect call how do i do it?
How can I request for a collect call?
How can I track my device shipment?
How do I track my device ordered online?
Is it possible to track the device ordered online?
Excuse me I bought a Samsung from you and it still didn't arrive.
Where is the new router I bought a week ago?
I ordered an iphone yesterday where is it?
Where is the device I ordered online?
How can I track the device I ordered online?
Can I track my order online?
Can I track my device online?
i want to track my online order any support?
i need to track my online order what are the steps?
any idea for tracking my device which i ordered online?
what are the steps to track my device which i ordered online?
How do I track an online order?
when I get the device that I ordered online ?
Could you tell me the status of my online order of a device?
How can I follow-up status of online order?
How I can track my phone order ?
How can I  track my online order?
Can you track my device which I ordered online?
I've ordered a dvice online can you help me track it?
I've ordered a device online how can I track it?
Tell me how to track my online order.
I need to track the device I ordered online.
can you tell me about the location of my ordered device
how to know the status of my online ordered device
can you tell me the progress of my ordered package online
I want to track my order online
I wanna know the status of my onilne ordered device
I bought a device online can you track my order?
I ordered a device from your website can I track it?
I need to track order #192857182 please.
Is there a way to track a device that I ordered?
I ordered a smartphone online how can I track my order?
I want to track the device i have ordered online
i have a device ordered online. How to get it tracked?
How can i track my order.
Is there any option to track my order.
Can you please track my order?
How can I find the tracking number for the iphone 6s that I have ordered?
I ordered iphone xs online when will I get it?
Can you give me the tracking number for my order 3244?
Can you track the samsung note that I have ordered?
I ordered iphone xr 2 weeks back how to know when it will be delivered?
How can I track the shipment of a device that I ordered online?
I placed an order online how do I track it?
I ordered a device online where do I find the tracking number?
Can you track my order?
How do I track my order?
How to check my order status?
I would like to check my order status or track the shipping. How to do it?
I need to track my order. How do I do that?
How do I check on my order?
How do I track the shipment of a device I ordered online?
I bought a device online; how do I track it?
I purchased a device online; how can I track it?
Please let me know how to track a device that I just ordered online
Can you let me know how to track a device I ordered online?
I wanna track a device I ordered online. How do I do that?
Tell me how I can track a device that I ordered from the web
What's the procedure to track a device I ordered online?
IS there a way to track my device that I ordered?
I ordered a device. What's the status of my order?
What is the process to track the device I ordered online?
I want to track the device I ordered online please guide me.
Can you help me to track the device I ordered online?
Is there any way to track the device I ordered online?
I want to know the status of the device I ordered online
How can I check when the device will be delivered
When is the device which I ordered online expected to arrive
Where can I get the information about my order status
Can I track the status using mobile app
Can you provide me the tracking details of my mobile purchase?
I bought a watch using Smiles points. Where can I check for tracking details?
I made an online purchase. How do I check tracking?
Will you provide tracking for online purchases?
The device I ordered hasn't reached me yet. Can you share tracking details?
Where can I get tracking info of the device which I ordered online?
I have ordered device online and want tracking info about the same.
Please guide me how to track the device which I ordered online.
Can you please assist me to track the device which I ordered online?
Is it possible to track the device I ordered online?
I want to track my online ordered device. How to do that?
What are the steps required in order to track my ordered deice?
It is possible to tell me the tracking status from my ordered device?
Do you know how can I track the device I ordered online?
Tell me how to track the device I ordered online
How can I track the phone I ordered online?
I would like to track the device online How to do that
How can I monitor the device I ordered online?
How do I track the device I ordered online
What is the status of my online order?
Help me track my online order.
Show me the status of my online order.
Where can I see my online order status?
How can I track my online order?
my order number is 12345 what is the status of my order?
what is the status of my order?
i have ordered a device online where can i see the tracking status?
where can i check the tracking status of my order?
show me the tracking status of my order
I ordered the device online and please tell me how to track it.
I want to know how to track a device that I ordered online.
I need your assitance to help me track a device that I ordered online.
Can you please help me to track the device which I ordered online.
I ordered a device online and I would like to track it.
The device which I ordered online how can I track it?
Does the online ordered device can be tracked?
Can online ordered device  be tracked?
what is the procedure to track the device which i ordered online?
Can the device I ordered be tracked?
How can i find information about the shipment of a device that i ordered online?
Which is the preferred way of tracking a device that was ordered online?
Where can i get tracking information for a device that i ordered online?
I ordered a device online. How can i track it?
Tell me how i can track the device that i ordered online.
Where can I find the status of my online order?
What do I need to do to track the device that I ordered online?
I would like to track the online order of my device; how does that work?
How does the tracking of my online order work?
I ordered a device online; how can I track it?
I need to track my order online. Where i can do that
Where i can see the tracking my order online
How i can track my order
Where i can trackmy order
Is there an online tracking of my order
Is it possible to track my ordered device?
Where is my device I ordered online?
I ordered a device online and want to track it.
How to track the device I ordered online?
I'd like to track the device I ordered online.
is my online order traceable and if so how does it work?
my online ordered device - where is it at the moment?
Where is the online tracking for my ordered device?
how can I check the delivery progress of my order?
Where is it possible to track down my online ordered device?
How can I track my order online?
Is there a tracking link for my order?
How do I follow my online order?
I want to track the device I ordered online. Where can I do that?
How do I track the device I ordered online?
Where can I track my device I ordered online?
How does tracking my ordered device online work?
Where can I see when I will receive the device I ordered online?
is there a way to track my online order?
if i ordered a device online is there a tracking number for it?
where can i find the tracking number for my online order?
i have ordered a device online is there a tracking number?
can I track my online order?
Is it possible to track a device I ordered online?
Can you show me how I can track a device I ordered online?
I need to track my device that I ordered.
Tell me how to track my online ordered device.
Do you offer tracking of online ordered devices?
I really need my new phone.
Is there an ETA for my device?
When will I get my shipment from etisalat?
Can I see when my device is delivered?
Is there some tracking information for my shipment?
It is possible to track my ordered device?
What is the state from the ordered online?
Can you help me in tracking my online ordered device?
I ordered a device online. How to track it?
I ordered a deive online. How to know where is it now?
How to track my order?
Where to track my ordered device?
How to check the status of my order?
How to look for my order status?
How to track the device I purchased?
How can I check status of my online ordered device?
What should I do to track my online ordered device?
Can u tell me how to track my online ordered device?
I want to know the status of my device that I ordered online.
I ordered a device online and i want to track the order.
can you help track the device I ordered online?
how can I find where the device I ordered online is now?
what should I do to track the device I ordered online?
can you tell me how to find out where the device I ordered is now?
Is there a way to track the device I ordered?
Can you tell me how I can track the device I ordered online?
Where can I track the device I ordered online?
How do I track the device I ordered?
How can I trace the device I purchase online?
how can I check the device I ordered online?
How can I watch the device I ordered online?
How can I oversee the mobile device I paid online?
How can I locate the device I bought online?
How can I track the device I ordered in the internet?
How can I trace the device I ordered in the internet?
I ordered a device online how can I track it?
I ordered a device online how can I trace it?
I want to track the device I ordered online how can I do it?
How do I track delivery of the device I ordered online?
Where can I monitor the device I purchased online?
Where can I view the updates of the delivery for the device I got online?
Do you have a page where I can track the delivery of the item
How I can trace the device I ordered online?
Where I can find the device I order online?
How I locate the device I order online?
Where I can proceed to track my online device order
What  are the way to track my device order online?  What is the process That I can monitor my order online?
How do i know if my online device order is arriving?
Can you teach me how to monitor my online device order?
How will i know the status of my online device order?
Will i be able to monitor my online device order? How?
May i confirm thr status of my online device order?
I want to know where is the device I ordered online; is there a tracking number?
I placed an order online for a device I wish  to track it; what do I need to do?
I made an online purchase for a device that I wish to track; can I get a tracking number?
I want to track the status of the device I purchased on the interne; how do I track it?
Can you help me track a device that was purchased online?
How can I track the device I bought online?
Can I track the device theat I bought online?
Are there ways to track the device I bought online?
How can I know the current location of the device that I bought online?
What should I do to detemine the location of the device I bought online?
How to know the know the status of an online order for a new device?
How to track a device order done online?
How to track an online order for a device?
I need to track an online order for a device. How?
How to track my online order for a device?
How do I track my online device order?
Can you help me track the device I ordered online?
Is there a way to track the device I ordered online?
What are the ways I can track the device I ordered online?
Can you help me how to track the device I ordered online?
Please help me to track my device I ordered online?
Please let me know how to track my device I bought online?
In what manner I can track my device I bought online?
Where do I find order tracking?
How can I see where my order is located?
How can I track my ordered device?
I need to see where my ordered device is
Do you know how I can track my order?
How do I track my orders?
Can I track my orders?
Is there a way to track my orders online?
What to do to track the device I ordered online?
How keep traking the device ordered online?
How to check the track of the device I ordered online?
How do I get my order tracking info?
How can I track my phone/device?
Where is my order?
Is there a way to track my order?
Can I track my device order?
What is the tracking number for the device I ordered online?
Can you tell me how to track the device I ordered online?
What do I do to track the device I ordered online?
How do I track my online order for a device?
How do I track my new device order?
Where can I find tracking information for my order?
How do I get tracking information for my order?
I want to track my order. How do I do that?
Where is tracking information located?
I need to track my order how do I do that?
I ordered a device online is it trackable?
What do I do to track an online order?
I just ordered a new device where’s the tracking number?
Where can I track my order?
Can you track an order for me?
Can you tell me the tracking number for my order?
Where is my order by the moment?
How to track a device order?
I purchased a device and want to track it online.
Can I track my ordered device online?
I would like to track my device order.
Is the Validity from my Visitor SIM extendable?
I have a visitor sim card. Will it keep working?
My Visitor SIM card will expire soon can I extend its validity?
I want to lengthen the validity of my Visitor SIM how can I do that?
What do I do to extend validity of my Visitor SIM?
Can I have my Visitor SIM extended?
How can I use my Visitor SIM for longer?
How do I lengthen the validity of my Visitor SIM?
How I can move forward the validity of my visitor sim?
It is possible to have a long validity of my Visitor Sim?
When I can expand the validity  of my Visitor Sim?
Can I extend the expiration of my Visitor Sim?
Can I morve the termination of my Visitor Sim?
How can i use my Visitor SIM longer?
How can i prevent my Visitor SIM from expiring?
How can i get my Visitor SIM to work longer?
How can I get a longer validity on my Visitor SIM?
How can i maximize my Visitor SIM and use it longer?
How can I prolong the duration of the validity of my Visitor SIM?
I want to extend the validity of my Visitor SIM; can you help me?
How can I increase the days of the validity of my Visitor SIM?
Can you help me extend the span of eligibility of my Visitor SIM?
I want to have an extension for the validity of my Visitor SIM; can you extend it for me?
Can I extend the validity of my VisitorSIM?
Can I request for an extension of the validity of my Visitor SIM?
How to extend the validation period for my Visitor SIM?
I got a Visitor SIM that's about to expire. How to extend validity?
What are the steps for extending validity for a Visitor SIM?
What to do when Visitor SIM is expiring & I plan to extend my stay?
What to do when planning to extend visit & Visitor SIM is expiring soon?
Can I extend my visitor SIM validity?
How to extend validity of visitor SIM?
How to continue using my visitor SIM after its expiration?
My visitor SIM has expired can I extend its validity and how?
How to extend usage of visitor SIM if it is already expired?
I want to extend the validity of may visitor SIM?
According to what term I could extend the validity of my visitor SIM?
By means of what I could extend the validity of my visitor SIM?
In what manner I could extend the validity of my visitor SIM?
In what ways I could extend the validity of my visitor SIM?
I need to extend the dates of my visitor SIM
Can you add more time to my visitor SIM?
Can I extend the validity of my visotor SIM card?
I need my visitor SIM card to be extended for a few more days
How do I get an extension on my visitor SIM card?
I want to extend the validity of my Visitor SIM. How would I do that?
How would I go about extending the validity of my Visitor SIM.
How should I extend the validity of my Visitor SIM
How to get extend the validity of my visitor SIM?
What to do to get extend the validity of my visitor SIM?
How do I get extend the validity of my visitor SIM?
Is there a guideline to extend the validity of my Visitor SIM?
What steps to follow to extend the validity of my Visitor SIM?
My Visitor SIM is expiring can it be extended?
Is it possible to extend my Visitor SIM before its invalid?
I need my Visitor SIM active for longer can you help?
Can you keep my Visitor SIM active/turned on?
How do I extend my Visitor SIM validation?
How can I delay the expiration of my Visitor SIM validity?
How can I stretch out the validity of my Visitor SIM?
What are the ways I can extend the validity of my Visitor SIM?
I want to extend the validity of my Visitor SIM. How do I do that?
Tell me how I can extend the validity of my Visitor SIM.
How do I get the validity of my Visitor SIM extended?
Extending the validity of a Visitor SIM. What do I need to do?
I want to extend validity of visitor SIM how do I do that?
What is process for extending visitor SIM validity?
How do I make the visitor SIM valid for longer?
Can I make the visitor SIM valid for an extended period of time?
How do I extend my visitor SIM?
Can you extend the date on my visitor SIM?
Can you process an extension for my Visitor SIM?
I need help extending the validity of my Visitor SIM can you do this?
How can I extend the validity of my Visitor SIM expiry date?
How do I extend the expiry date validity of my Visitor SIM?
I need to extend the expiry date validity of my Visitor SIM. Could you help me?
I want to know how to extend the validity of my Visitor SIM?
I want to know as my sim card validity expired in March and I wanted to extend it. How can I do that?
My visitor SIM is no longer valid how do I extend it?
I have a Visitor Sim that I need to extend trhe validity on.
I have a visitor SIM that is no longer valid can I extend it?
My Visitor SIM stopped working can I extend it?
Can you tell me how to extend the validity of my visitor SIM
Please let me know the procedure of extending the validity of my visitor SIM
What's the process of extending the validity of a visitor SIM?
Wondering how I can extend the validity of my visitor SIM
How do I extend the validity of my Visitor SIM card?
I have a visitor SIM card; how do I extend it's validity?
I have a visitor SIM card; how can I extend it's validity?
What do I need to do to extend the validity of my Visitor SIM card?
What needs to be done to extend the validity of my Visitor SIM card?
Can I extend validity of the sim I purchased as a visitor?
I have a visitor sim valid for one month how can I extend it?
can you tell me how to extend validity of my visitor sim card?
My wife has a visitor sim valid for a week she wants to extend it can you help me with that?
My visitor sim card in not valid anymore how can i extend the validity
I am on visit. I want to extend my SIM validity.
Please help me extend my SIM validity
My visitor SIM will expire tomorrow.How can I extend?
Please extend my visitor SIM validity
Can I extend my Visitor SIM validity through Etisalat website?
I have a Visitor SIM card can I extend its validity?
Can I extend the validity of my Visitor SIM card?
How do I make the validity of my Visitor SIM card longer?
Can I make my Visitor SIM card valid for longer?
I want to extend the validity of my visitor SIM how do I do that?
can I extend the validity of my visitor SIM?
what do I have to do to extend the validity of my visitor SIM?
can you tell me if I can extend the validity of my visitor SIM?
I want to use my visitor SIM longer. How can I extend it?
How do I extend the validity of my visitor Sim?
I want to keep using my visitor SIM. How do I extend ist validity?
What must I do to extend the validity of my visitor SIM
What must I do to extend my visitor SIM's validity?
Can I make my Visitor SIM be valid any longer?
How can i prolong my Visitor SIM?
Can I somehow extend the validity of my Visitor SIM?
How do I make my Visitor SIM last longer?
Can I extend my Visitor SIM`s validity?
can I expand the time of validity of my visitor SIM?
my Visitor SIM should work longer; how does that work?
how can I extend my visitor SIM?
how does the extension of my visitor SIM work?
I want to extend my SIM for visitors will you help me?
I'd like to extend the validity of my Visitor SIM.
How is it possible to extend the validity of an Visitor SIM?
What to do to extend the validity of an Visitor SIM?
I want to extend my Visitor SIMs validity.
How can I extend my Visitor SIMs validity?
My visitor's SIM needs an extention. What do i have to do
My visitor's SIM needs an extention. What should i do
My visitor's SIM needs an extention. What is the procedure
What is the way to extend my visitor's SIM
The validity of my Visitors SIM got to an and. I need to extend it. What should i do
I would like to extend the validity of my Visitor SIM; how does that work?
What do I need to do to extend the validity of my Visitor SIM?
How does the extension of the validity of my Visitor SIM work?
What do I need to do to get an extension for my Visitor SIM?
How can I go about extending the validity of my Visitor SIM?
I need the validity of my Visitor SIM to be extended. How can i do this?
How can i extend the time that i can use my Visitor SIM?
Can i extend the usage duration of my Visitor SIM? If so how?
what is the procedure to extend the validity of visitor sim?
Is there any way to extend the validity of visitor SIM?
How can the validity of my visitor sim be extended?
Is it possible to extend my visitor sim?
what is the method or way to extend the validity of visitor sim?
I want to extend the validity of my visitor SIM please tell me how to do it
Can you please help me to know the procedure for extending the validity of my visitor SIM
I wanted your assitance to extend the validity of my visitor SIM can you please tell me the procedure.
I am willing to extend the validity of my visitor SIM and please tell me what I need to do
I don't know how to extend the validity of my visitor SIM can you please tell me how to do it
i have a visitor SIM and want to extend the validity
can you help me extend the validity of my visitor SIM?
how to extent the visitor SIM validity?
i would like to extend the validity of my visitor SIM
Show me how to extend the validity of my visitor SIM.
What should I do to extend the validity of my visitor sim?
Help me extend the validity of my visitor sim.
What is the procedure to extend the validity of my visitor sim.
How to extend the validity of my visitor SIM?
I want to extend the validity of my Visitor SIM how to do that?
Can you help me to extend the validity of my Visitor SIM?
How can I extend my Visitor SIM's validity?
Do you know how can I extend the validity of my Visitor SIM?
What is the process to extend the validity of my Visitor SIM?
Is there any way to extend the validity of my Visitor SIM?
I want to extend the validity of my Visitor SIM please help me.
I am extending my stay. How to continue the existing contract
Can visitor SIM validity be extended
What documents are required for continuing the visitor SIM contract after expiry
My visitor SIM expiries on this date. Can I extend the same
What are the formalities for extending the visitors SIM validity
I am staying here a little longer. Can you extend my Visitor SIM validity?
Extend my Visitor SIM 4545644344 validity till 5th April 2019.
I have a Visitor SIM 9894543343. Can you entend its validity?
How to extend my Visitor SIM validity?
Can you tell me the procedure to entend my Visitor SIM validity?
I want to extend the validity of my visitor SIM and would like to know how can I do it.
Please assist me to extend the validity of my Vistitor SIM.
If I want to extend the validity of my Viitor SIM what I need to do?
Kindly help me to extend the validity of my Visitor SIM.
Is there any way to extend the valididty of my Visitor SIM?
What are the ways to extend the validity of my Visitor SIM?
I want to extend the validity of my Visitor SIM. How to do so?
I need my Visitor Sim for some more time. Can you extend the validity of that?
Can you extend the validity of my Visitor SIM?
Are you able to extend my Visitor SIM validity?
How to extend the validity of my Vistior SIM?
How extend my Visitor SIM validity?
How to increase the validty of my Visitor SIM?
What is validty extension process of my Visitor SIM?
What are the ways to extend validity period for Visitor SIM?
What should I do to get validity of my visitor card extended?
I would like to extend validity of my visitor SIM.
How can I get validilty of my visitor SIM extend?
Extend the validity of my visitor SIM.
can you help me extend my visitor sim validity?
what should I do to extend the validity of my visitor sim card?
can you tell me how to extend the validity of my visitor sim card?
is it possible to extend the validity of my visitor sim?
Can you tell me how can I extend the validity of my Visitor SIM?
Can you please tell me how to extend the validity of my Visitor SIM?
I need the validity of my Visitor SIM extended.
Show me how I can extend the validity of my Visitor SIM.
Would you show me how to extend the validity of my Visitor SIM?
how to lengthen the validity of my Visitor SIM?
can you extend my Visitor SIM?
I want to extend my SIM term
can you help me in extending my Visitor SIM?
Can you give me more details regarding how to extend the vistor SIM
Tell me how to extend the validity of my Visitor SIM.
I want to extend the validity of my Visitor SIM.
I need to extend my Visitor SIM validity.
What are the steps to extend the validity of my Visitor SIM?
Can you tell me how to extend the validity of my Visitor SIM?
Could you explain how I extend the validity of my visitor SIM?
What are the steps of extending validity of visitor SIM?
Could you make my visitor SIM valid till the end of the year?
what is the best way of extending the  SIM of Visitor?
Could you check if I could use the my visitor SIM till next July?
How can I extend my visitor SIM expiry date?
what are the steps for Extension of my visitor SIM?
How to recharge expired my visitor SIM ?
how to increase validity of  my visitor SIM?
i need to extend my visitor SIM expiry date any help?
Is the validity of the visitor SIM extended?
The validity of my visitor SIM must be extended is that possible?
The visitor SIM comes to an end. How can I extend the validity of my visitor SIM?
Extend the visitor SIM? How does it work?
Extend visitor SIM? How is that possible?
I need to extend my Visitor SIM.
Where can I extend the validity of my Visitor SIM?
My Visitor SIM expired how can I extend it?
How to extend an expired Visitor SIM?
I want to know how my Visitor SIM can be extended.
It is possible to extend the Visitor Sim?
I use at the moment the Visitor SIM can I extend the SIM?
The validity from my Visitor Sim is now over can I extend it?
I order a Visitor SIM it is possible to extend the validity of the SIM?
I want to prolong the validity of my Visitor SIM what should I do?
I want to prolong the validity of my Visitor SIM how can I do that?
How can I enhance the validity of my Visitor SIM?
How can I expand the life of my Visitor SIM?
How can I elongate the validity of my Visitor SIM?
How can I lengthen the validity of my Visitor SIM?
How can I prolong the validity of my Visitor SIM?
Is there a way to extend the validity of my Visitor SIM?
My SIM will be expiring soon can I keep it till I leave?
My SIM will be expiring soon can I extend it?
Please extend my SIM for a longer time because I'm staying for a longer time in the UAE.
I am going to stay longer in the country so I will be needing my SIM for a longer time.
Can I extend my visitor SIM?
How can I extend the validity of my Visitor SIM?
Please update me on new package for minutesi would like to subscribe for one
Please tell me the best offers for SMS data and call services as I would like to subscribe
Please tell me how to subscribe to the new minutes package?
Please subscribe v package for minutes to my number
Please subscribe SMS Bundle for me
Please subscribe me to xxx SMS package?
Please subscribe me to xxx data package?
Please subscribe me to x data package
Please subscribe me to the new unlimited SMS package
Please subscribe me to the new minutes package
Please subscribe me to new minutes xxxx package?
Please subscribe me for a new data package
Please sign me up for a new SMS service
Please enable SMS option to my account
Please book a different minutes package for me
Please add the international minutes package to my number
Please add an sms service to my monthly package
Please activate the GB data plan to my account
Please activate a new data package?
ow can I transfer credit from one Etisalat number to another?
New data package please
my current sms plan is inefficient activate this new sms plan
My current plan is not sufficienti want another one
More data badly needed how can I get a new package?
Let me know subscription process of SMS Bundle
Kindly let me know how can I get subscribed to with the latest service package?
Kindly help me to subscribe SMS Bundle
Is there extra minutes package?
Is there any way to choose another package?
is there any possible way i can subscribe to the new sms package
Is there any new package or offers available for monthly data i would like increase mine
Is there any available offers for smscalldata bundle?I would like to subscribe
procedure to signup for this XYZ sms plan?
send me a subscribtion code please for the new sms service
Should I pay a deposit for for activating a new data package?
Subdcribe me to a minutes plan
subscribe me for GB data package on my number
Subscribe to the SMS service please?
subscribe x SMS package on my number
Is there any available offers for smscalldata as I am looking to subscribe?
subscribe xxxx data package on my number
subscribe xxxx package for minutes on my number
subscribe xxxx SMS package on my number
Suggest me ways to subscribe SMS Bundle
Tell me how to get subscription of SMS Bundle
tell me the best new minute plans u have and activate it
tell me the process to subscribe new packages?
Tell me the steps to subscribe to new data package?
There is a better service which you offer can we change it?
This XYZ plan seems good how to subscribe it?
What ar other ways to subscribe for a minutes data SMS service or package?
What are the activation charges for new minutes plan
What are the alternatives of my package?
What are the available options through which I can subscribe to a new minutes data or SMS service package?
What are the data plans and how to subscribe it
What are the different packages giving minutes to other networks?
What are the different packages of data?
What are the packages can you offer?
What are the requirements if I will subscribe for data minutes or an SMS service or package?
What are the special offers available in minutes data or SMS service package as I would like to subscribe?
What are the steps involved in activating a new SMS or minutes Package?
What are the ways through which I can subscribe for data and voice pack?
what are the ways to subscribe new services
What are to the charges of data package and way to subscribe it
What bundles should I activate on my account to have cheaper calls and SMS service?
What do I have to do to get a new flat rate package?
What I need to prepare so I can subscribe for minutes data or SMS service or package?
What is required if I go about subscribing SMS Bundle ?
What is the best data package I can subscribe?
What is the possibility for subscribing to the new packages such as data minutes and SMS service?
What is the process involved to activate minutes data or SMS service package?
What is the process of activating a new data Package?
Is there a package you can recommend for me?
Is it possible to subscribe to SMS service?
Is it possible to book a SMS service for my contract?
I'm trying to text multiple person for announcement which service do you have that best suits my needs
I'm subscribed to a postpaid account and I need to subscriber to a larger data package
I'd like to use a different SMS package
I'd like to sign up to X service
I'd like to set my account to a new data package
I'd like to register to X service
I'd like to obtain X service
I'd like to join to X service
I'd like to enroll to X service
I’m running out of minutes what new call credit package do you have?
I would prefer to go ahead with the new SMS Service
I would like to unsubscribe the old package and get a better one?
I would like to transfer to a new data package
I would like to top up my mobile number which will incude new minutes data or SMS service package?Please help
I would like to subscribe to adding minutes for calling
I would like to subscribe to a newer better package than right now I have?
I would like to subscribe to a new SMS service can you help?
I would like to subscribe to a new SMS package
I would like to subscribe to a new minutes data or SMS service package?Please help
I would like to subscribe new data and SMS service package
I would like to subscribe if there are wide recharge plans available with smsvoice and data pack Can you help?
I would like to subscribe for a SMS package what are the possibilities to do so?
I would like to know the steps to subscribe to the new minutes and SMS?
I would like to know more on how I can subscribe to your new data service
I would like to have an unlimited call and SMS bundle to my number
I would like to avail of a service or package
I would like to add international minutes to my number  can you do the same?
I would like to add gb package to my account  please help me for the same
I want to upgrade my current data plan
I want to take a new data package
I want to switch GB data plan per day Can you please help me?
I want to subscribe to the new available SMS package how shall I continue?
I want to subscribe to SMS Bundle
I want to subscribe to a more current package
I want to subscribe to a data service please advise on how
I want to subscribe for unlimited call plan
I want to start international roaming plan for my number on next month
I want to start caller tune on my mobile number
I want to see the procedure for subscription to data service package?
I want to register to another data service
I want to move to a new data package What are the available offers?
i want to change my plan to this XYZ data plan
I want to change my current subscribtion please
i want to change my current minutes plan to the new daily ones from ahlan
I want to book an new data service how can I accomplish that?
I want to book a new minutes package
I want to addon SMS Bundle to my current package
I want to add SMS pack to my number  please do necessary action for the same
I want to activate calls or data or SMS servicesPlease send me the best offers?
I want have subscribe to a new minutes package can you help me?
I want gb monthly data plan are there any?
I want a new flexible minutes package anything like that?
I want a international minutes package on my number  how can i add the same?
I wanna subscribe in a package would you tell me the different packages of minutes in postpaid lines?
I saw the new ad about your bundle offer can I also change it?
I need your help for adding international minutes to my number can you?
i need ur best minute packages list so i can signup for it
I need to upgrade my data package to gb per month please give me the best possible rates and packages
I need to subscribe to the new data package can you advise me?
I need to sign up for a package with largest amount of minutes
I need to do a lot of texting what will suit my need?
I need to book an additional package where can I do this?
I need to add international minutes to my number how can i do the same?
I need to activate best package on my mobile number which includes minutessms and dataCan you guide?
I need subscription to an SMS plan
I need subscription of SMS Bundle  how to do it?
I need more details for packages containing data and SMSs
i need more data activate ur best data plan for me
I need more data for my phone what you offer?
i like this sports sms services and i'd like to know how can i suubcsribe for
I like this new XYZ minute plan how to activate it?
I have a question regarding subscription to the new service package please guide me?
I do not know how to subscribe to the new data and SMS service/package can you help me?
I decided to enter a new data service
I am looking for SMS or data or new minutes or package Can you help?
I am interested to subscribe to your new minutes package
I am interested on subscribing to a package
I am interested in subscribing to a SMS service
I am interested in subscribing to a new minutes service how can I do that?
I am interested in knowing about the best offers in new minutes data or SMS service package subscription ?Can you help?
I am charged higher rate for per SMS Can you please suggest me some cheaper plan?
how to turn on a new SMS service package?
How to take subscription of SMS Bundle ?
How to subscribe xxxx package for SMS?
How to subscribe xxxx package for minutes?
How to subscribe xxxx data package?
How to subscribe x package for SMS?
How to subscribe x data package?
How to subscribe to SMS Bundle ?
How to subscribe new SMS plan
How to subscribe for minutes package?
How to get the SMS Bundle added to my account?
How to combine SMS Bundle with my current package?
How to buy subscription for SMS Bundle ?
How to apply subscription of SMS Bundle ?
How to add international minutes to my number?
How do you transfer bundles?
How do you transfer airtime with MTN?
How do I transfer credit from one phone to another?
How do I transfer airtime?
How do I transfer airtime between MTN lines?
How do I subscribe to the new packages?
How do I reset my share and sell pin?
How do i get onto another service plan
How do I do a balance transfer?
How do I check my remaining data on Etisalat?
How do I check my balance on Etisalat?
How can subscribe to the data package?
How can I transfer Etisalat balance?
How can I transfer data from Etisalat to Philippines?
How can I transfer credit to Etisalat?
How can I transfer credit from Etisalat to Etisalat without pin?
How can I transfer credit from Etisalat to Airtel?
How can I transfer airtime to mobile?
How can I subscribe to SMS Bundle ?
How can I subscribe to data package
How can I subscribe to a new minutes data or SMS service package?
How can I subscribe to a data package?
How can I subscribe for minutes data or an SMS service or package?
How can I share data on Etisalat?
How can i have more international minutes to my package with lower call rates?
How can I get SMS package can you help me?
How can I get my Etisalat transfer pin?
How can I get credit from Etisalat?
How can i get a new minutes package/plan
How can I get a bigger data package
How can I activate international data package in my mobile?
How can I activate a new data package?
How am I able to subscribe for new packages?
Hi what are your current data or network package?
Hi I wanted to have a lower international call rate package
Hi I would like to subscribe for a faster data package
Hello I'm interested in the new SMS package please add that to my subscription
Got to make a lot of phone calls what new service can you give?
Give me details for subscribing SMS Bundle
For business I need a package having the largest number of SMSs
enable the SMS service package to my account
Enable the new data option to my account
Do you have data package for Unlimited use?
Do we have some cheaper plan which combines data sms and call?
Do we have some cheaper plan for SMS services?
Do I need to visit etisalat outlet in order to subscribe new data plan
Do I need to apply to get a new flatrate package?
Currently subscribed to a service can I avail of a different service or package?
Currently I am charging per kb for data and I want to subscribe for unlimited plan could you help me?
Could you please send me details about package which includes callssms and data services?
Could you please help me to subscribe to a new minutes data or SMS service package?
Could you please explain how to add international minutes to my number?
Can you tell me how I can get the new package like data or minutes?
Can you take me through the subscription process for extending the data pacakge?
Can you subscribe me to X service?
Can you subscribe me to a new package?
Can you subscribe me for the GB data package?
Can you sign me to X service?
Can you send airtime from MTN to Cell C?
Can you register me to X service?
Can you please upgrade my monthly package with more minutes also let me know the rates as well
Can you please subscribe me for free gb data for my number?
Can you please enable the new minutes package to my account?
Can you please activate the data plan on my phone xxxxx
Can you guide me I want to subscribe to the newest services?
Can you guide me on how to subscribe to a new minutes data or SMS service package?
Can you enter me to X service?
Can you enroll me to X service?
Can you enrol me the new SMS package?
Can you advice me how to switch on a new minutes package on my phone?
Can subscribe to a minutes data or an SMS service or package by myself?
Can I subscribe to new minutes online
Can I subscribe to new data package?
Can I subscribe SMS Bundle ?
Can I subscribe a specific minutes only or I need to subscribe all of them?
Can I know the procedure to subscribe a new SMS plan
Can I have an overview for different packages of minutes data and SMSs?
Can I get details on subscription to the new packages available?
Can i exit my current plan and get another
Can I change my service?
Can I change my package?
Can I activate a data package by sending SMS or message?
Book a SMS service for my account
Are you able to subscribe an new minutes for me?
Are there any cheaper data plan on roaming?
Any new packages for minutes Please subscribe me
Am not satisfied with my SMS planget me another one
activation process of this XYZ data plan?
activate the data plan
XYZ package sounds nice how to activate it now?
Would you tell me the different packages of data in prepaid lines?
would you please add to me the new ahlan package?
Will you be able to help me to subscribe to the new minutes and data package?
Will the requirements if I want to subscribe for data only be lesser than to subscribe the rest of the products?
Whom should I asked to subscribe for data minutes or SMS service or package?
Who can assist me so I can subscribe for minutes data or an SMS service or package?
Which package will offer me with best SMScalls and data services?
Where can I apply to subscribe for minutes data or an SMS service or package?
When I travel abroad how can I manually switch on my roaming data package?
What would be the best package for SMS only?
What to do for adding the international minutes to my number
What should I do for subscription of SMS Bundle ?
What needs to be done to subscribe SMS Bundle ?
What is the process to manage my services?
How do I cancel credit from one phone to another?
How do I cancel my current voice pack on my mobile number?
How do I cancel my national sms services
How do I cancel my remaining data on Etisalat?
How do I cancel my share and sell pin?
how do i unsubscribe calls package?
Would it be possible to cancel my data or SMS service package?
Would you please help me discontinue the service for minutes in this number xxxxxxx
XYZ package does not sound nice how to deactivate it now?
Please stop the SMS service to my account
how do i unsubscribe data package? will go for a better one later
How do I unsubscribe my package?
How do you cancel airtime with MTN?
How do you cancel bundles?
How much efforts required to cancel the new services?
How should I unsubscribe SMS Bundle ?
How to cancel subscription of SMS Bundle ?
How to delete SMS Bundle from my account?
How to drop SMS Bundle pack?
How to end my subscription of the data package?
How to go for removing SMS Bundle pack from my account?
How to remove subscription of SMS Bundle ?
How to remove the international minutes from my number?
how to stop my SMS package i dont want to continue
how to stop my SMS package?
how to turn off a SMS service package?
how to unsubscribe calls package?
how to unsubscribe data package?
How to unsubscribe from the services?
How to unsubscribe SMS Bundle ?
how to unsubscribe SMS package?
I added gb data and I want to cancel it
I am getting too many SMS's Please cancel them
I am interested in opting out from my current subscribed package on mobile number Please instruct
I am looking for info to cancel my new package can you please tell me?
I am looking to cancel my current voice calldata and sms packageHow to do it?
I am looking to cancel my new service how to do that?
I am not happy with my current plan Can you please revert it to my previous one?
I am thinking of cancelling my current data plan Can you please do that?
I am willing to cancel a minutes service how can I do that?
I do not like the service which i choosed how can I cancle it?
I do not like this new XYZ minute plan how to deactivate it?
i do not need ur minute package pls deactivate it from my account
I do not see any place to unsubscribe from a service Can you help with that?
I don’t want data plan going forward Can we please cancel it?
I don’t want to use SMS Bundle anymore please remove it from my account
I don’t want to use the SMS service anymore can you remove the package?
I don't need SMS service and I want to remove it on my account
I dont need SMS servicecancel it for me
I don't need the SMS service any more how can I cancel my SMS package?
I don't use mobile internet anymore how can I cancel the data package?
I don't want international minutes package on my number  how can i remove?
I don't want the gb data package anymore please unsubscribe me
I have no use for my SMS planplz cancel it
I just subscribe to a service I don't need it anymore Please cancel
i need more data deactivate this data plan for me
I need to cancel a previously booked package where can I do this?
I need to cancel my international sms services
I need to cancel my SMS package I don't need it anymore
I need to cancel this package of minutes
I need to deactivate package on my mobile number which includes minutessms and dataCan you guide?
I need to remove the international minutes from my number how can i do the same?
I need to upgrade my bundle can I cancel the current minutes package?
I need your help for removing the international minutes from my number can you?
I no longer need extra minutes can you please opt me out of this package?
I see I am not using data package effectively I want to cancel the subscription?
I see some unknown charges in my bill every month Can you please cancel my package?
I see that I subscribed to the new services which I am not using often how to cancel?
I thought SMS was free If not please cancel that service on my account
I wanna cancel my internet package
I wanna give up my data package
I want more GB plan can you please upgrade/cancel my current plan?
I want to cancel an existing data service how can I accomplish that?
I want to cancel my existing data plan
I want to cancel my new package can you help me?
I want to cancel one of my data packagesPlease help?
I want to cancel per day GB plan and want to switch GB can you please help me?
I want to cancel this service since its no longer feasible to me
i want to change my plan from this XYZ data plan
I want to discontinue my data package
I want to discontinue my minutes package
I want to downgrade my minutes
I want to remove my SMS pack from my number
I want to stop my data service
I want to stop using this service
I want to terminate my SMS on my phone
I want to unsubscribe the data package can you help me?
I want to withdraw my x package
I want to withdraw my xxxx package
I want you to cancel my data package
i wanted to cancel the data service from this number xxxxxxx please do it as soon as possible thanks
I wish to remove my gb package from my account  please help me for the same
I wish to unsubscribe from the promo what do I do?
I would like to cacle my current flatrate?
I would like to cancel a SMS package what are the possibilities to do so?
I would like to cancel data pack on my mobile number Can you help?
I would like to cancel minutes for my service package
I would like to cancel my sms pack Can you guide?
I would like to cancel my sms services how much will I be charged
I would like to cancel the minutes package activated on my mobile Please proceed to do that for me
I would like to cancle my current service?
I would like to continue using the mobile number without any SMSdata and minutes package So could you please cancel it?
I would like to discontinue my sms package as I'm not using that much
I would like to know how to unsubscribe to the new package?
I would like to remove my gb package from my account
I would like to remove the international minutes from my number
I would like to remove the international minutes from my number  how to do the same?
I would like to stop using my sms services
I would like to unbook the data package
I would like to unsubscribe my smsvoice or data pack Please instruct me
I would like you to cancel my data package
I'd like to abolish my X service
I'd like to cancel my X service
I'd like to countermand my SMS package
I'd like to cut my minutes package
I'd like to cut out my X service
I'd like to dismiss my minutes service
I'd like to remove my X service
I'd like to revoke my X service
If I want to cancel data or SMS service package can I do it thru online?
If I would like to discontinue using international sms services how much will I be charged
I'm travelling abroad I want you to cancel my call package for this number
Is it a quick process to deactivate sms pack on my number?Can you guide or cancel the same for me?
Is it possible to book a SMS service for my contract?
Is there a way to remove my SMS plan on my account?
Is there any alternative to my canclation?
Like data can cancel my SMS service package only?
May I ask to cancel my data packages?
My call rate plan per minute is very high can we stop it or change my plan?
My current SMS pack is not required as I hardly use SMS services So could you please cancel the subscription on my number ?
my current sms plan is inefficient deactivate this new sms plan
my data plan takes higher amount of charge Could you please stop it?
My minutes plan is not sufficient cancel it asap
My SMS plan is at higher rate can we stop it?
Please advice me how to cancel the new package?
Please advise on how can I cancel service
Please cancel a new data package?
Please cancel my data package
Please cancel my data package will be out of country for a while
Please cancel my data plan
Please cancel my data service because I no longer need it
Please cancel my existing minutes package for me
Please cancel my minutes package
Please cancel the new services will you?
Please deactivate the data plan subscription for my account
Please delete my data package
please guide me through the process were by i could stop getting this promotional sms service
Please help me with the cancellation of my current data pack
Please remove the additional minutes package to my account
Please remove the current minutes service from my account
Please remove the international minutes from my number
Please stop my gb data package
please tell me what should i do to remove my account from the daily messages subscribtion
Please unsubscribe me from the SMS service
Please unsubscribe my data package
Please unsubscribe my SMS package
Please unsubscribe pack SMS Bundle for me
please I want to cancel my extra minutes subscribtion
Plz cancel my current data subscription
procedure to deactivate this XYZ sms plan?
Remove data package please
Remove my daily sms services
Should I pay a deposit for for deactivating a new data package?
SMS Bundle pack in no longer required Pls unsubscribe it
SMS Bundle pack is not useful for me kindly get it removed from my account
Stop my national sms service
The current package is not working out for me Can you please cancel it?
The package which was choose is not good enough can I cancle it?
This XYZ plan does not seem good how to unsubscribe it?
Unssubscribe me from all my current subscriptions
Unsubscribe me from the SMS service
unsubscribe my data package
unsubscribe my minutes package
unsubscribe my minutes package wont be using this sim much
unsubscribe my SMS package
What are the available options through which I can unsubscribe from my minutes data or SMS service package?
what are the process to unsubscribe from my data service?
What are the steps involved in deactivating a SMS or minutes Package?
What do I need to cancel my data or SMS service package?
What I have to do to unsubscribe my current booking on my device?
What is the process for unsubscribing SMS Bundle ?
What is the process involved to deactivate minutes data or SMS service package?Please guide
What is the process of deactivating a data Package?
What is the step to cancel the new service?
What needs to be done for unsubscribing SMS Bundle ?
what number should i call to cancel my extra minutes bundle
What should I do to drop SMS Bundle from my account?
What to do for removing the international minutes from my number
Where can I find option to unsubscribe SMS Bundle ?
Where can I find the options to cancel my new package?
Where can i see the information to cancel minutes?
Where else could I cancel my data or SMS service package?
Which option to use to delete SMS Bundle from account?
Who should I asked to cancel my minutes data or SMS service package?
Will u cancel my national sms and minutes from my number
Will you cancel my daily data package
Will you stop my roaming data package
I want to stop outgoing call in my number can we do it?
Am not satisfied with my data packageplease cancel
Are there any new special packages available? I would like to deactivate the old one on my number?
Are you able to cancel am existing minutes subscription for me?
Can I cancel a data package by sending SMS or message?
Can I cancel my data only service package?
Can I cancel my data or sMS service package by myself?
Can I cancel the SMS service and leave the Data package only?
Can I cancle the booked service?
Can I choose another flatrate because I am not happy with this service?
Can I drop SMS Bundle pack?
Can I leave only SMS service and remove other ones?
Can I lessen the minutes I have on my account online?
Can I remove my SMS package via IVR?
Can I request for the removal of my data package over the phone?
Can I still cancel the new srvice or package that I just subscribe into?
Can we restrict my data plan to per day GB?
Can we stop international roaming plan on my number?
Can you abolish my X service?
Can you advice me how to switch off a minutes package on my phone?
Can you cancel airtime from MTN to Cell C?
Can you cancel my data package
Can you cancel my X service?
Can you cancel the data pack on my mobile number ?
Can you check and cancel the new services for me?
Can you cut out my X service?
Can you guide me on how to unsubscribe from new minutes data or SMS service package?
Can you help me cancel my gb data package
Can you help me cancelling my package?
Can you instruct me step by step on how to unsubcribe the SMS pack on my mobile number?
can you please cancel my data plan?
Can you please cancel my subscribed package
Can you please end my SMS service?
Can you please help me to unsubscribe SMS Bundle ?
Can you please help me with cancelling my second sim xxxxxxx as i would only require one for the time being
Can you please stop my caller tune plan?
Can you please tell me from where can I cancel the new service?
can you please unsubscribe me from the new sms service
Can you remove my X service?
Can you revoke my data subscription?
Can you revoke my X service?
Can you tell me how to cancel the new services i subscribed to?
Can you tell me the way to cancel the SMS service alone without other services affected?
Can you unsubscribe GB data package for me?
Cancel both my SMS service and minutes plan
Cancel my international minutes
Cancel my international sms package
cancel my minutes package
Cancel my national services
cancel the minutes to my account?
Could you do me a favor and let me know how to cancel the new services?
Could you please cancel my current package which includes callssms and data services?
Could you please cancel my minutes pack on my account?
Could you please cancel the SMS service I subscribed to?
Could you please discontinue my data package from this number xxxxxxx as i have taken a better plan in my other sim and wont be needing this now
Could you please explain how to remove the international minutes from my number?
Currently subscribed to a service how can I cancel it?
deactivation process of this XYZ data plan?
Delete the SMS service for my account
Do you know where I can see the options to unsubscribe the new package?
easy to understand deactivation method for XYZ package?
guide me through the unsubscribtion process please
Hello please do the needful to cancel this promotional SMS serviceas it was activated accidently
Help me to remove SMS Bundle from my a/c?
Hi  i need to cancel this internet package to upgrade to a better one
hi  please do the needful to cancel my SMS package as I would be rather going with watsappThanks
How am I able to unsubscribe for booked packages?
How can I cancel a new data package?
How can I cancel credit from Etisalat to Airtel?
How can I cancel data from Etisalat to Philippines?
How can I cancel data on Etisalat?
How can I cancel my data package for this mobile number?
How can I cancel my minutes or data Packages?
How can I cancel my SMS bundle?
How can I cancel the minutes?
How can I cancel the subscription of this service?
How can I change my current package?
How can I delete my data package?
How can I stop the data package?
How can i stop this messaging service please guide me
How can I unsubscribe to SMS Bundle pack?
How do I cancel airtime between MTN lines?
How do I cancel airtime?
I need my account closed
How to cancell my account?
What to do to cancel my account?
How am I able to cancel my account?
Is there a way to cancel my account?
Explain how to cancel my account?
I would like to cancel my account can you help?
Who can help me with account cancellation?
Tell me what I have to do in order to cancel my account.
I need my Etisalat account canceled.
I want to make sure my account is canceled today please.
I need to cancel my account can you process this?
How do I request a cancellation on my account?
I’m asking to cancel my account can you help?
Where do I find how to cancel my account?
Sorry but I am leaving Etisalat. How do I cancel my account?
I need to drop one of my accounts. How do I do that?
Trimming my expenses and need to cancel an account. Can you help me?
Gota go. Can you help me cancel my account?
Can you send me a request for cancellation my account?
Can you make a request for delete my account?
Can I have a request for cancel my account?
I need a request to cancel my account it is possible?
I'd like to cancel my account. How do I do that?
Can you help me to cancel my account?
Can you explain how to cancel my account?
How can I cancel my account?
How and where to cancel my account?
How can I cancel my current plan?
I want to switch to another provider and cancel my account.
Please tell me how to cancel my account.
I want to cancel my account.
what should I do to cancel some account?
I ask about cancelation of an account
tell me how to cancel an account
can I cancel account?
I want to cancel an account?
can you terminate my account ?
can you help me canceling my account ?
any method to cancel my account ?
is it possible to cancel my account ?
can I cancel my account ?
Do you try Account Cancellation ?
do you know code to account cancelltion ?
what can I do to account cancellation ?
Are you know how to account cancellation   ?
Do you know can canellation the old account and make new account ?
can you help me cancel my account?
i wan to quit my account
I want to terminate this account number
i am leaving the country i want to cancel my account
i am leaving the country i want to cancel my number
i want to quit my number
can i quit my account
is it possible to cancel my account
I am leaving the country and want to cancel my account
I dont want my number anymore
help me stop my account
I want to cancel my account
i dont use this number i want to cancel it
I no longer need this number can i cancel it?
Closing my business and need to cancel my account please.
Can I please cancel my account?
Can you please cancel my account for me?
What are the steps to cancel my account?
I need to cancel my account. Can you help me?
How do I request account cancellation?
I want to cancel my account. Can you do that for mr?
I don't want to use Etisalat anymore How to request for cancellation?
How can I cancel my account ?
What are ways to cancel the Account ?
Please help me with Account Cancellation ?
What is the procedure to cancel the Account ?
How long it will take to cancel my account ?
I don't need this account anymore Can you cancel it?
Could you cancel my account?
How am I suppose to cancel my account?
what should I do to cancel my account?
can you tell me the steps to cancel my account?
I would like some help in canceling my account
What is the proceedure to cancel my account?
Are there any fees to canceling the account?
How long would it take to cancel the account?
How do I cancel my Etisalat account?
What's the process of Etisalat account cancellation ?
Could I cancel account please ?
what are the procedures of account cancellation?
How do I request for account cancellation?
I want to request for account cancellation; what should I do?
I like to cancel my account; how do I do it?
Please delete my account.
Can you opt me out with Etisalat?
Cancel me out of your services please.
I don't want your services anymore.
I would like you to cancel my account.
I will not use this account please cancel it.
I want to create a new account please cancel this account.
Can you please cancel my current account?
What shoud I do to cancel my account?
Please cancel my current account.
Can you assist me with canceling my account?
Please process me an account cancellation.
I would want to cancel the Etisalat account I have.
I'm requesting for account cancellation.
I would like to stop my account
I will surrender my account
How to terminate my account
I would like to discontinue my account
I would like to cancel my account; can you  tell me how?
What do I need to do to cancel my account?
I want to cancel my account; what do I need to do?
To cancel my account with Etisalat how do I do it?
I want to make a request to remove my account; can you help me?
Can I request for the cancellation of my account?
I am gonna request for the cancellation of my account.
I am would want cancel my account.
Can you raise a request for cancel my account?
Please cancel my account for me.
Can I have my account cancelled?
would like to close my account.
Please have my accout cancelled.
I want you to cancel my account.
Please close my account.
I want to terminate my account.
I want to quit your service
I like to cancel my account.
Kindly stop my account.
Disable my account.
I am requesting to cancel my account.
I want to close my account
Can you close my account?
I would like to cancel my account
Can someone cancel my account for me?
I will cancel my account? Can you send me a request?
How can I remove my account?
I want to delete my account.
Please remove my account.
I would like to cancel my contracts.
Can I cancel my account please?
I need my account cancelled.
What do I have to do if I want to cancel my account?
Please tell me how I can cancel my account.
I would like to submit my cancellation
How can I cancel my contract?
how does the termination of my contract work?
I no longer want to keep my contract?
I'd like to cancel my account.
How do I cancel my account?
Could you help me to cancel my account?
Is it possible to cancel my account?
I would like to cancel my account.
Help me to cancel my account.
I don’t want to use my account anymore.
What is the procedure to cancel my account.
Can I cancel my account.
I want to cancel the account
Account cancellation request please
Cancel my account
I don't like this so want to cancel or delete the account
Please close my account
Process to cancel my account?
Steps for cancelling my account?
Guidelines for account cancellation?
What's the process for account cancelation?
i wish to cancel my account
how do i cancel my account
can you help me cancel my account
how to cancel an account
can you tell me how to cancel my account?
Can you please cancel my account
Requesting to deactivate my account
Asking for account cancellation
May I request you to cancel my account
I would like to cancel my account. Can you do this for me?
Please cancel my account.
Kindly consider my account for cancellation.
Please take my request for cancellation of my account.
I am making a request for cancellation of my account.
I need account cancellation
process for account cancellation
I would like a account cancellation
I no longer require this account?
how to get account cancellation?
Please provide the procedure for closing the account.
How to cancel my account?
What is the process to cancel my account?
Please help me with cancelling my account.
Share the details about cancelling the account.
I request you to cancel my account.
I hereby inform you that I want to cancel my account.
Can you please cancel my account?
Please provide me the process of cancelling the account.
Can you cancel my account?
Please help me with my software issue
Kindly tell me the fix for internet not available shown on my browser will you?
Can you please help me I cant browse anything on my mobile device from yesterday?
Voice call not forwarding to my other linked account how can we fix it
Please sort this device issue as i'm not able to enjoy my television show's properly
i need your support to rectify the issues in setup box
Constant breakdown and browsing issue in my mobile device can you stabilise this
My mobile is slowing down and constant buffering even with mbps speed this is so irritating can you help me fix this
Please help me with my mobile software There is some issue with this
The internet doesn't work on my mobile
The mobile data is on but it doesn't work
i have issue with my internet being collapsing intermittently is it something to do with the router?
i'm facing internet lag wich is affecting my work is it something to do with the interenet speed my current speed is mbps
I can’t access my email can you fix this for me?
Do you fix the browsing issues?
I launch Google on my browser what could be wrong with my phone?
There is something wrong with my Facebook app need help
How do I fix my internet connection problem on mobile?
Why does my internet keep disconnecting and reconnecting?
How can I fix my wifi problem?
What do you do when your WiFi doesn t work?
Does WiFi signal go up or down?
Why is my internet not working?
What to do if router is not working?
How do I fix data connection not working?
Why is my Ethernet not working?
How do you check if my LAN port is working?
Please guide me through the process to solve my buffering speed when browsing  i beleive the router is having some trouble
i beleive there is some problem with the setup box which you have provided its not working properly can you please check on that
What should i do so that i have a stable internet onnection?
i'm facing internet breakdown occationally it has something to do with the router? please fix this
My tv and landline is working perfectly but not able to connect to the internet the router is not working properlythere is some software issue when checked with your support team please send a technesion to fix this at the earliest
Were can i replace the setup boxit is switching off automatically
Is there a methord by which we can stabilise the net connection?
i need to change the router it's not working where should i go?
Why is this so slow?
i lost connection to my data service a lot why is that?
My new phone is having some browing issues can you please help?
I am not able to search in internet Why?
I need my browsing issue fixed
It takes long time to load the page
I cant access the internet some times
Why the network is soo slow
Nothing loads on Browser
Applicable to the specific case ask to fix browser problems on your mobile device
The following are my steps about asking you to fix browser problems on your mobile device
Can you help me with my device?
it takes a lot of time for the browser to give result Why does this happen
Page is loading slowly in browserWhat should I do?
browsing consumes a lot of data how can I stop that?
is there a way to fix fast consumption of data because of browsing?
please tell me how to fix the ADSLno browsing problem?
my mobile data is open but I can't browse the internet Why is that?
browsing is so slow? how can i solve that?
the websites' pages usually has broken images i wonder where is the problem
what is the process to fix the browsing issue on my blackberry phone
what are the steps to fix my browsing issues please?
facebook doesn't open with me can you help with that?
Please fix my browsing issue
Are you able to resolve my issue with browsing on my mobile device
I want to request someone to please support me in fixing a browser issue on my mobile device?
I suspect an issue with my mobile device browsing Is it possible to fix?
Please can you guide me to find a fix my browsing issue on my mobile device?
I cannot access internet on my mobile device
Can you please help me to access internet on my mobile device?
Why can’t I open the Etisalat website on my phone?
Would you mind to fix the internet browsing on my mobile?
Could you please fix the browsing problem in my mobile?
I can’t browse to the internet can you fix it?
Do I need something to browse to the internet on my phone?
How do I browse to the internet from my mobile device?
Please fix the browsing problem in my phone
My connection is slow Can you help me?
I cannot load content in Chrome I need your help
Can you explain to me how to improve my browsing experience
I don't understand why my browser is not working properly
Please explain to me how to fix my browsing issues
It takes Firefox ages to load a page What can I do?
Sometimes images don't show in my browser Please show me how to change this
I'm not able to stream videos in my browser Can you check that for me?
Video players don't open in my browser What could be the reason for this?
The browser is very slow Please help
My chrome stops responding sometimesWhat to do?
The chrome on my mobile suddenly stops in between some work Why is it so?
How to fix the google chrome error on my mobile?
Multiple browser keeps on coming up on opening the browser Why is it so
My browser is not working properly Can you fix it?
uninstalling and reinstalling browser will help to solve browsing issues ?
Is restarting my phone will help to solve my browsing issues
I have some problems while watching videos on my mobile browser
Browser on my device is being crashed while browsing
Browser on mobile is taking so long how to fix it
Can you send technician to fix browsing issues
I am facing some browsing issues how to fix them
Can you please help with my browsing issues
I am unable to browse certain websites please help
I have subscribed to MBPS plan while browsing speed is MBPS only why is that so?
I cannot browsewhats wrong with my data
How does one fasten internet speed on their device
How can i fasten my internet speed
Internet is slow on my device
Is there any alternative internet browser i can use for my device
Am having a hard time loading pages on my device
Facebook is not opening help me fix it
Please help with my internet browser its not working
I cannot browse on my device can you fix this
My internet browser is not opening
Who can figure out the fix the browsing issue on my mobile device?
what is the procedure to fix a browsing issue that i encounter?
I want asap the browser issue on my mobile device fixed can it be done?
I want an immediate fix I cant browse anymore?
Can I get help for my device browser?
How to fix browser issue on my mobile?
Can you help me fix a browsing issue with my device?
Browser has some issues can you figure out the problem for me?
My device browser is broken can you help with it?
My mobile device browser is not working Can you fix it?
I would like you to fix the browsing problem until next Friday
Can you resolve my problem with mobile browsing soon?
Is it possible to fix my browsing issue?
I have a question about browsing who can clarify and find a fix for my issue?
Hi i'm experiancing constant browsing issues i need to fix this
i'm experiancing constant breakdown while browsing please sort this
help me out with a smooth net facility
Internet is breaking up while browsing please fix this
i need your support to rectify the issues in browsing
i'm facing browsing issues please supportme in rectifying it
What should i do so that i have a stable internet onnection?
Please sort this browsing issue which i'm facing
How can i increase my internet speed  so as to avoid the browsing issues
Please guide me through the process to solve my buffering speed when browsing through
Can you please assist me in sorting out my browsing issue?
Hi could you help me in fixing this browsing issue which I face?
having browsing issues on my mobile device how to fix them?
How to fix cellular data network on iPhone?
How to fix cellular data network on android?
How do I fix my cellular data?
please tell me How to fix browsing issues
Need to fix my browsing issues
Why my cellular data is not working?
I am having browsing issues how to fix them?
How to fix browsing issues?
How do I fix my mobile data connection?
The site needs some certificate but it can't display properly what's the other reason why this is happening?
The site can't pass thru some proxy settings can you assist me remotely?
When I tried to open a browser it open a default site other than google how to revert it back to google site instead?
It seems the site I'm visiting can render properly what's the culprit of this issue?
My device browser can't display images what's wrong with it?
Could you please help me fix the browser that always popups other sites aside from what I intended to open?
My device battery seems to drain faster when I'm using browser do you know what's causing it?
Some site are not showing the correct orientation what's causing it?
The browser hangs when it tries to open other site how can fix it?
My device can't browse to certain site what should I do?
I need support for my browsing issues
I need suport for my my browser problems
I have concerns when browsing can you help?
I have concerns with my browser can you help?
Can you please direct me to the right technical person who could support me with fixing my browsing issue?
Will you do me a favour and fix the browsing issue I have on my mobile?
Can you support me with my browser problems?
Can you support me with my browsing issues?
I have issues with my browser can you help me?
I have a problem with my browser can you help me?
Can you please help me with my issues on my browser?
Can you please help me with my browsing issues?
Does my mobile device has been fix?
How do you troubleshoot a network problem on my mobile device??
How do you fix troubleshooting on my mobile device?
What are the six steps of troubleshooting process on my mobile device?
How do I fix browsing issues on my mobile device?
Fix my internet browser
I can’t access a certain website what to do?
Can’t use internet troubleshooting
I need help about my phone’s software upgrade
Why I can’t send my email using my phone?
What does this error message means on my Play store?
I’m getting an error message when I use Google on my phone
Is there a known issue with Whats App?
What is happening with my Facebook on my phone?
Is there any settings I can change mobile internet has been very slow
Browsing has been a nightmare can you help me with this?
I can't seem to load emails or websites on my phoneHelp
How is it possible that I have a rate plan yet unable to browse a single page?
I need you to fix my browsing issues
Is my mobile data working? Nothing is loading
I can't seem to load any images on Facebook app
Can you please help me with my mobile data? It's been useless
Slow browsing problem
I need someone to tell me why my mobile data is so slow
The internet on my phone is slow
Are there any updates for the browser as it's not working
Should I upgrage the browser as it doesn't work?
The browser is very slow what is the solution?
My browser doesn't open alot of sites what can I do?
What can I do if my browser doesn't work?
What are the available browsers to download?
Is there any preferrable browsers to download?
How can I fix the google browser?
Internet pages cannot be displayed
The browser doesn't work
Chrome crashes often on my phoneWhat could be wrong?
Some of the websites are not opening on my phoneWhy is it?
My phone keeps loosing the data connectionPlease suggest a fix
What do I do if my data is not working?
Google Play Store is crashing Is something wrong with my internet?
Why are my downloads failing?
While browsing the internet autofill isn’t working properlyAny ways to fix?
My internet is too slow Can you do something to fix it?
I found the broken images and video Is there anything wrong with my data?
I get too many popup windowsIs there any solution to this?
I have noticed repeated random browser crashes How do I proceed?
I am unable to download the data Please help
I am unable to browse What could have gone wrong?
Pages don’t appear as expected on my device Please resolve
Got slow performance and page load issues on my mobile Can you help me rectify?
My browser does not currently recognize any of the video formats availableHow to fix this?
My page is loading slow during browsingPlease help me to fix the issue on iPhone
I am unable to browse properly Can you help?
How to fix internet connection problems on Android devices?
Some sites arre not opened while browsing why? can you make a resolution for the same?
Could you please help me to resolve my browsing related issues?
My browsing leads error page why? how can i resolve?
What are the process for resolving my browser issueit doesn't work? can you help me for resolving the issue?
I would like to know the reason& how to resolve the browsing errors on my browser
I need to browse lots of things today but browsing results error how can i proceed?
What to do fixing my browsing issues how can i do?
Please help me to resolve my browsing issue
I can't browse what could be wrong with my data?
It's taking forever to load the pages What could be wrong?
what is the procedure to fix my phone browser issues
tell me the common method to get my etisalat provided phone browser issues fixed?
this phone is under contract from etisalat fix the browser issues
having browser issues with my etisalat provided phone fix it
this phone is provided by etisalat its having browser issues lately
can i get someone to help me with this phone's browser problems?
help me get this phone browser issues fixed
how do I fix my browser issues help me
do u provide chat/call support for browser issues
fix the browsing issues im having on the phone
could you please help me to fix browsing issue?
How to enable data while i am on roaming?
Why i cant open any website when i am on roaming?
I have G enabled however i am getting speed of G what is the issue?
Browing any web on my mobile shows no internet even my g data is actiavte can you please help?
I cant browse any web on my mobileWhats the wrong?
Suddenly my mobile browser start causing problem What is the issue?
Are you the right person who can help me to fix my browsing issue?
I want your help to fix browsing issue on my mobile browser
I cant browse any website can you please look?
whenever I hit any URL I shows some error Can you please take a look what is the issue?
My internet is not working on my mobile browser What is the issue?
My browser surfing speed is low Can you please fix it?
Why can’t I read latest news and articles on website?
Why is my FB & Twitter a/c not displaying updated content?
What can be the problem for social media apps not updating contents?
Why am I facing internet connectivity issues while accessing websites?
How to fix the internet surfing problem on my mobile?
Suggest me solution for browsing issues on my mobile
Kindly repair browsing problem on my mobile
Please help to troubleshoot internet access problem on my mobile device
Check and fix the browsing issues on my mobile device?
Why can’t I browse on my mobile?
No website opens on my mobile device what’s wrong?
What’s wrong with my data pack browsing any website fails
Unable to open social media apps please help
What to do when I face the browsing issue on my mobile?
How to log complaint for browsing issues on my device?
How to complain about the browsing issue on my mobile?
I am facing the browsing issue on my mobile how to complain?
Can you please fix the browsing issue on my mobile device?
Unable to browse on my mobile device please fix it
Please rectify the browsing issue on my mobile?
The twitter feeds are not loading?
I cannot look up any information on my browser?
Cannot open Facebook to browse is there any problem?
Browsing is not working
I have some kind of browsing issues?
My Instagram is not loading any images?
My whatsapp is not sending any messages?
Do I have any data to browse?
My browser is not opening any pages!
Video streams are being interrupted in my browser but I have full internet connection Why is that?
Constant breakdown and browsing issue in my mobile device can you stabilise this
My mobile is slowing down and constant buffering  this is so irritating can you help me fix this
i have issue with my internet being collapsing intermittently is it something to do with the router?
How do i fix the browsing issue in my mobile device
How can i curb the browsing issue in my mobile device
i'm facing internet lag wich is affecting my work can we do something about it?
 Is there a methord by which we can stabilise the net connection?
Which all steps do i need to follow to fix my browsing issue on my device?
I am having poor reception Any idea why?
Hi why my web page takes too long to load
May I ask for a technical support?
Can you fix the issue am unable to subscribe
the etisalat app is crashing when i try to login to my email can you solve that?
My device is not picking up signal properly i beleive there is something wrong help me?
I can’t hear well on the phone when I’m on call where can I fix it?
It’s terrible to speak with this phone too much noice
I can't manage to install
I have problems with (uploading/connection)?
Social media apps launch very slowly please get it fixed
Can you get my device WiFi connectivity issues fixed?
Why doesn’t my mobile phone catch signals in basement?
I feel a delay in my phones response where should I get it checked?
I have some network issue on my mobile what should i do?
can you please look at My phone volume is too low when i recieved any call
My modem device is not working Can you help?
I have issues with my network device How can I fix it?
I have a major problem with my Etisalat modem What do I do?
I have home internet device issues Please help
There is something wrong with my network cable at home Can you please resolve it?
My account is Please check my modem Internet is not working
Can I get help to fix issue with my mobile internet?
How to fix my slow internet problem?
My Etisalat modem for the account ID is getting restarted itself Please help me fix at the earliest
How to fix the issue if my internet modem is broken?
I am unable to access internet over my mobile number Please fix this
My Etisalat Account id is and I have a problem with my wifi connection Kindly check
There are etisalat SIMs in my device only one capture the signal and the other is not
The mobile is only receiving calls why?
I can't send SMSs
The caller on the other line can’t hear my voice when I use my phone why is this happening?
Who do I need to talk to fix the call quality issues of my mobile device?
How do you resolve technical mobile issues?
How do you troubleshoot software mobile issues?
What are the basic steps of troubleshooting on mobile issues?
How do you fix troubleshooting on mobile issues?
Can you please help me with my software issues?
I have a problem with my software can you help me?
Can you support me with my software problem?
I need suport for my my software problems
I am the authorized personnel of (insert company's name) and I would like to ask if how much will it cost to get a replacement SIM card for our business phone
i want to request to issue a new sim for this account
what's the procedure to get a new sim for an exisiting account?
I need to speak to a Customer Care Representative that handles business about about replacement SIM card
I need assistance about getting a replacement SIM for a business phone number
kindly  provide me a new sim for this account
can you please provide a new sim for account #?
Give me a replacement SIM for a business phone ASAP
How to can you change with old SIM with new one without changing its account number?
Would it be possible to change the old SIM?
How it would be possible to change the old SIM with new one without changing its accouunt number?
What are the steps in changing old SIM with new one?
How long will it take to change old SIM with new one?
What are the difference with new SIM with old SIM for they have the same account number?
Can you get a new SIM card but keep the same number?
How do I replace a SIM
Can an old SIM card be reactivated?
Can my employee keep his old number on a new SIM card?
Lost a SIM card How do I get a new one?
Change of SIM please
Replacement SIM needed please
Please send replacement for SIM
I would like to replace a sim card for the account num # with another
How do I transfer a number to a new SIM card?
Can you please replace a SIM card?
Can you change a SIM card?
Is it possible for me to have a new SIM card?
Can I get a new SIM card?
Can you swap a SIM card?
I need to substitute a SIM card
Can you supply me a different SIM card?
I need to alter a SIM card
Can you alter a SIM card?
I need to swap a SIM card
An employee needs SIM replacement  please let me know the process?
How can we replace SIM for one or more employees?
Do we need to go to a physical store for SIM replacement?
Can the SIM replacement card be claimed in any Etisalat store?
Do you deliver replacement SIM cards?
Is there an online request for SIM card replacement?
Where can we request SIM card replacement?
What are the requirements for SIM replacement?
How long do you process sim replacement?
If we request SIM replacement  are there fees or charges?
How can I replace my colleague's sim/s?
Can I replace my colleague's sim/s?
Is there anyway to replace my colleague's sim/s?
Where can I replace my colleague's sim/s?
I need a new sim for my colleagues
How to get a replacement sim for my colleagues?
How can I get a replacement sim for my colleagues?
I need to replace my colleagues sim
Can I get a sim replacement for employees in my organization?
Where to go for a new sim for employees in my organization?
Can I get a new sim for my colleagues?
How can I get a new sim for my colleagues?
If I need a new sim for my colleagues?  where can I get it?
Is my colleague's sim replaceable by me?
Employees sim replacement?
Replacement sim for my colleagues??
Where do I go for a new sim for my colleagues??
Can you give me a replacement sim for my colleagues??
Can you mail me a new sim for my colleagues??
What do I need to get a replacement sim for my colleagues??
Can you please take a request for replacing the current sim type for Account No's # to new nano sim type
Help me out with the process of replacing the sim card
Can you pls provide me a Multi SIM for Account No #
I am facing issue with network tower  so pls replace the SIM
I would like know how the procedure for replacing sim for an exisiting account
My account number XXXX is linked with sim # and I want to replace with new sim number ending with #
How can i replace a damaged sim
how to convert an old sim to new fancy sim number
I want to replace a micro sim to nano sim so what is the procedure
Could you help me to replace to sim in an existing account
Is it possible to convert the exisiting number to new Etisalat number
I am having sim # and i want to have new sim card # with an existing account number
Tell me how can i use an micro sim into an nano sim device Is there any process to request for it
How can I replace a sim
What is the procedure to replace the sim
Is it possible to replace sim?
How should I get a replacement sim
of my employees have lost there sim Can I get a replacement sim?
Is there a way to replace sim of more than one person
Few of my employees sim is damaged what is the procedure to replace it?
what are needed to request for a replacement sim
Please let me know how to ask for a replacement sim
what is the process involved in requesting a new sim
Where should I register to get a replacement sim
Is there any documents needed for requesting a replacement sim
How can register for a replacement sim?
Any possible way to get a sim replaced
what are the id checks required for getting sim replaced
what is the verification processess required in requesting a replacement sim
can you please check if its possible to replace sim of more than one employee
There is an issue with the sim of one of my employee Can you let me know the process involved in replacing it
One of my employee has lost his phne How can I ask for a replacement sim?
can you please let me know the procedure for replacing sim of one of my employee
need to replace simcard for an employee
employee X needs a simcard replacement
simcard for employee x y  and z to be replaced
can i have simcard replacements employees X y and z
how soon can i get some of my company simcards replaced
employee with number XXXXXXX needs a new simcard
the simcards of employees (a b c and d) need to be replaced
can i get a simcard replacement for XXXXXXX
want simcard replacements for my employees x y and w
Need simcard replacement for employee X
I want to replace sim for three employees?
Please suggest how to get new sim ?
How can i get sim replacement?
How to request for sim replacement?
Need to replace sim for one or more employees?
what is the procedure to replace sim for employees?
How to request sim replacement for employees?
Need to replace sim without changing connection?
what are verification proof needed for sim replacement for employees?
How do I request a sim replace for an employee?
How to get a duplicate sim
What is the procedure to get duplicate sim
Details about getting duplicate sim
Can I get sim card replacement
Procedure for sim card replacement
Ways to get sim replaced
Instructions for sim replacement
Information about Sim replacement
Steps for getting sim replacement
Sim replacement request raise
Send Sim replacement request
Regarding Sim replacement
How can I replace SIM with same account
I would appreciate it if you can give me a new SIM card for the same account number and connection
I want an alternative SIM card for my account number
Would it be possible to displace the phone SIM card please ?
Excuse me  how are you placed for exchanging the SIM card of the Etisalat account with a new one ?
Any chance of altering these SIM cards with the connection and number still ?
Would you care to change this SIM card with another one ?
would you mind allowing to replace this SIM card without changing the connection and account number ?
I would be grateful if you redeem a SIM card for another one because it broke down
I wonder whether you can supply a SIM card for my Etisalat account number
Kindly   compensate this SIM card with another one for the same number
I need a SIM card replacement?
How can I replace multiple SIM cards?
I want to replace several SIM cards
I need a SIM card for one of my employees
I need new SIM cards for my employees
I need several new SIM cards for my employees
I need a SIM card replacement for my company
I need a SIM card replacement for my business
What do I have to do get a SIM card replaced?
A SIM got lost  how do I get a new one?
In which way can I receive a SIM for replacement?
I would like to get a SIM replaced  how can I accomplish this?
A replacement of a SIM is needed  how can I do this?
Can you please send me a new SIM card do replacement?
Please tell what I have to do to get a replacement SIM?
What steps do I need to take to get a SIM card replacement delivered?
Please send me a replacement SIM card for the number
A SIM card was damaged  can you send me a new one?
How can I replace a SIM?
What is the procedure to replace a SIM?
Can you tell me how I can replace a SIM?
Can you guide me through the SIM replacement procedure?
Who should I contact for SIM replacement?
I have a request to replace a SIM?
If I have to replace a SIM  what should I do?
Kindly let me know how a SIM can be replaced?
Is there a way for SIM replacement?
Tell me the steps to replace a SIM?
I would like to replace a SIM?
How to replace a SIM?
What should I do if a SIM needs to be replaced?
I want to replace a SIM?
I do not know how to replace a SIM?
A SIM needs replacement  what shall I do?
Can I replace a SIM?
Can a SIM be replaced?
Where can I find the information for SIM replacement?
Who can help me with SIM replacement?
Can you replace the SIM with the new SIM on same connection number?
He/She lost the SIM card  can I he/she get a new one on the same connection?
What is the process to get a new SIM card for the same account number?
Can you please send the customer a new SIM card on the same connection?
How to use the new SIM card for the same connection number?
What is the process to get a replacement SIM card for the same account number?
Is it possible to get the SIM replaced on the same connection?
Seems like the SIM is not working  is it possible to offer a new one for the same connection?
How does the customer get a new SIM card for the same connection?
Where can I find the more details about getting the new SIM card for the same connection?
I need to replace a SIM with a new card How can I apply for one?
I have a broken SIM card here I need a new one
Where can I order new SIM cards?
Please arrange a new SIM for us
Can you replace a SIM for one of our employees?
How can I receive new SIM cards for our staff?
We got new phones that work with a smaller SIM How can I get them?
Our new device works with a nano SIM The old SIM is too big
My colleague's phone does not read the SIM card What can he do?
Please send us a new SIM card
How can we substitute a SIM card?
How can we order a substitute SIM?
How can we request a replacement SIM?
One of our employees has lost his phone How can I get a new SIM for him?
Please post us a new SIM
Please ship me a new SIM
Where can we collect new SIM cards?
What is the process for SIM replacement ?
Do we need to place SIM replacement request for each employee ?
What is the approval process for SIM replacement ?
Do we need to submit any documents for Sim replacement ?
What is the process for keeping the same connection/account number for SIM replacement ?
How long does SIM replacement process takes ?
May i request to get a new sim for an existing account of Mr ABC?
Can submit bulk approval request for list of employees for SIM replacement ?
Whom to contact for SIM replacement ?
How long does it take for activation of new SIM after SIM replacement ?
I need to replace the SIM for account number '#'   how can i do the same?
Hi  What are the steps to start using a new SIM for an existing account?
Sir please help me to replace old sim with an existing account?
What to do for replace old sim with an existing account?
How to replace sim with an existing account?
I need to replace old sim with an existing account how can i do the same?
I would like to replace old sim with an existing account   how to do the same?
I need your help for replacing old sim with an existing account?
What are the process for replace old sim with an existing account?
Could you please explain how to replace old sim with an existing account
What are the procedures for replace old sim with an existing account?
How to change SIM?
How to replace SIM?
What to do to change SIM?
Procedure for changing SIM?
How can I change SIM?
How can I change SIM with same account?
SIM changing process?
How can I replace SIM?
SIM replacing procedure?
Change SIM card?
How to change multiple SIM cards at once?
Process to change SIM?
Process to replace SIM?
Guidelines for SIM replace?
Whome to contact to replacing SIM
Does a number change? if I replace a SIM?
SIM replacement policy?
Terms for SIM replacement?
Am I eligible for SIM replacement?
Can you replace a sim as it is not working?
Can I get the option to replace a SIM  I think there is an issue in a SIM
Is there any USSD code to replace a sim?
What is the procedure to swap the sim?
a sim is not working  Please replace with a new one
Would you help me to know the criteria for replacing a sim!
I want a sim to be replace  Please help
I need your assistance to get a sim replaced
What steps do i need to follow to replace a sim?
What should be done in order to get the sim swapped?
Could you help me replace a sim on this account# ?
Is there a guideline that shows how to replace my sim for an already existing account?
What is the process to replace a sim on an exisiting business connection?
I am trying to replace a sim  could you help me out?
Give me directions to replace a sim
I need directions to replace sim for multiple bsuiness accounts
How should I go about replacing a sim?
I have a current connection with you guys and I need to a sim replaced
Help me with the process to get a new sim on an exisiting account
What are the steps to get a sim replaced on a present account?
I had bought a connection with you earlier and now need a sim replaced for that account
Is there someone I could talk to regarding sim replacement?
I am not sure how to get a sim replaced for this account  and I was hoping you could help me with it
I want to change a sim to a new one for this account#
I need someone to walk me through the process of changing a sim to a new one for an exisiting account
I want to replace my SIM
Can I replace my SIM?
how can I erplace my SIM?
How can I replace the SIM of more than one employee ?
Does removing the SIM changes the Number?
Is it possible to replace the SIM?
Do I lose the number if I replace the SIM ?
Can you replace a SIM Remotley?
Do i lose an account if i replace the SIM?
how to replace the SIM but keeping the same account number ?
I'm calling in behalf of the company and we would like to request for a replacement SIM card
One of my employees lost his phone and he got a new one We wanted to get a new SIM card with the same mobile number
How can I call Japan from Philippines for free?
How do I activate international roaming on Globe prepaid to Etisalat?
How can I activate international roaming in Etisalat and Glob prepaid?
How do I make an international call with Globe Prepaid and Etisalat?
How do I activate roaming when abroad with another account?
Can I activate Etisalat roaming while abroad?
Can straight talk make international calls with multiple accounts?
How can I activate Etisalat roaming outside Philippines?
Does Straight Talk have international roaming in multiple accounts?
How do I register for smart surfing abroad with Etisalat and Telkom?
How do I load roaming with new account?
How do I activate international roaming on Etisalat and globe prepaid?
Can you enable the international roaming and packages for employee X?
I need you to enable the international roaming and packages for employee X
Can you please implement the international roaming and packages for employee X?
I need you to implement the international roaming and packages for employee X
Can you please setup the international roaming and packages for employee X?
I need you to setup the international roaming and packages for employee X
Can you prepare the international roaming and packages for employee X?
I need you to prepare the international roaming and packages for employee X
Can you give employee X access to international roaming and packages?
I need you to give employee X access to international roaming and packages
What should I do to enable international roaming for one or more accounts?
How can I enable inbternational roaming for one or more accounts?
What are the procedures for enabling international roaming for one or more accounts?
What are the steps needed to enable international roaming for one or more accounts?
Are there ways to enable international roaming for one or more accounts?
Can you provide ways on how to enable international roaming for one or more accounts?
Is there a feature to enable international roaming for one or more accounts?
Is there a way for me to enable internal roaming for one or more accounts?
Could you provide instructions on how to enable international roaming for one or more accounts?
What are the possible steps to enable international roaming for one or more accounts?
How can I enable international roaming and packages for others?
Can I enable international roaming and packages for my colleagues?
Is there anyway to enable international roaming and packages for my colleagues?
Where can I enable international roaming and packages for my colleagues??
I need to enable international roaming and packages for my colleagues??
How to enable international roaming and packages for my colleagues??
How can I use international roaming and packages for my colleagues??
I need to use international roaming and packages for my colleagues??
Can I turnon international roaming and packages for my colleagues?
Where can I enable international roaming and packages for my colleagues?
Can I enable international roaming and packages for my colleagues??
How can I turn on international roaming and packages for other employees?
If I need to enable international roaming and packages for my colleagues  where can I do so?
Is my colleague's international roaming and packages enabled?
Enabling international roaming and packages for my colleagues??
International roaming and packages enabled for my colleague?
Where do I go to enable my colleague's international roaming and packages?
Can you enable my colleague's international roaming and packages?
Can you help me enable another employee's international roaming and packages?
What do I need to enable international roaming and packages for my colleagues??
Can you enable the international package for a list of numbers?
I have seen a package named xxxx Kindly activate that package to my company employees account
I wish to activate the interantional package Whether my employees current plan is eligible for it
whats the best international roaming package for a prepaid account XXX so that it will activate
I have called to enquire about the international roaming packages to some of my employess who used to go for international trips
Is there any way to enable the international roaming package in employees number by themselves
How to activate the international roaming package for a month in my comapny
what is the procedure to activate the internation romaing for all my employees
Unexpectedly my ISD package was deactivated  Kindly activate it
For these numbers (XXX  XXX if i want to activate the internatioal package  pls share the requirments
How can I enable International roaming package for more than one account
Two of my employees are travelling outside the country How can I subscribe to roaming packages for them
can you please check if international roaming package can be enabled on more than one account?
Please let me know the process for subscribing to International roaming package
If I need to enable international roaming packages what are the details needed?
How can I subscribe to International roaming package
Is there a way to activate International roaming package to accounts in my company?
Please let me know the verification process involved in subscribing to International roaming
where should I register to subscribe for International roaming for more than one account
Is it possible to activate International roaming package for around accounts
what are the ways for activating International roaming?
How can I activate International roaming package in more than accounts
what documents should I submit to activate Internamtional roaming Does it require documnets of each accoun?
can i have international roaming enabled on my account
can u plz activate international roaming on my account
my account needs to have international roaming enabled
i want to enable international roaming on my account
why is roaming not enabled on my account?please enable it
how do i enable international roaming on my accounts
my numbers XXXXXXX and XXXXXXXX need roaming enabled plz enable
can u enable roaming packageg for these numbers (a b c d e and f
international roaming not enabled on my number how can i enable it
can we have all our company numbers enabled for international roaming
How to enable international roaming for one or more employees?
Is it possible to activate international roaming for one or more employees ?
Need to activate international romaing for different countries for one or more employees?
what is the procedure to activate to intrenational roaming for one or more employees
Is there any discount facilities available to actiavte international romaing for more than employees in organization?
May i know packages available to activate international romaing ?
Need to enable international romaing for one or more employees ?
how to activate international romaing for one or more employees?
What are the packages available for activating international romaing?
May i know the procedure to activate international romaing for one or more employees?
Is there a seperate package to activate international roaming without internet?
what is the package to activate international romaing along with internet?
How to enable international roaming package for my employees
How to avoid international roaming
How to avoid roaming while going to other countries
Procedure to get international roaming package
Information on international roaming package
Steps to activate international package for roaming
Explanation on internation roaming package
Details with respect to International roaming package
Get a international roaming pack
How to put roaming pack for foreign countries
utilize international roaming package
Can you enable international roaming for a few accounts?
I would like to enable international roaming only for mine account
Can I enable international roaming for one or more accounts?
I need a enable international roaming for a few accounts
What is the process enable international roaming for a few accounts?
I would like to use only my number in another country
Can you help me enable international roaming for the four accounts for my employees
How can I activate a few accounts on an international trip?
I would like to activate international roaming only for one account
It is possible to activate international roaming for all my employees?
How do I enable international roaming and packages on a few of my employee accounts?
I need international roaming and packages on a few personnel accounts  what do I do?
Can I add international roaming and package to all of my personnel's accounts?
Can you please add an international package with roaming to a few of my personnel's account?
Can I make changes to my employee's phone to add international package and roaming?
What information do you need to add international roaming on of my employee's accounts?
Can I login to my account online and add an international package that includes roaming to all of my personnel's devices?
How do I add international roaming and package to a few but not all of my personnel accounts?
I need international packing that includes roaming on of my employee's devices  is that something you can help me with?
Perhaps you can facilitate operating international roaming and packages on my account
May you enable international roaming and packages on my account
Would you be kind enough to accredit international roaming and packages on my account
I'm going to travel abroad  could you make possible to enable international roaming and packages on my account
What it takes for setting up international roaming and packages on my account
How do you suppose can I qualify to use my account number abroad
What exactly should I do to use my account number when I'm travelling
Well  I want to make my account ready to operate when I travel out of the country
Possibly can you provide the means to make my account active outside the country
Just out of interest that I need to use my account number abroad
How can I book an international roaming package?
I need an international roaming service
How can I use my mobile device while travelling abroad?
How can I use my contract while travelling abroad?
I want to enable roaming
How can I enable roaming?
How can I use roaming?
How can I use my mobile device outside of Germany?
How can I use my mobile contract outside of Germany?
I need roaming services for travel purposes
How do I set up international roaming for my employees?
How do I set up international roaming for my company?
How do I set up international roaming for my business?
How can I turn on international roaming?
I need an international roaming plan
How can I enable the international roaming service?
What do I have to do to subscribe for roaming and packages for multiple accounts?
How do I book a roaming package for certain accounts?
In which way I can book international roaming packages for some numbers?
Can you subscribe roaming packages for some of my accounts?
An employee would like to use the phone on a trip in a foreign country  what should I do?
Can you enable international roaming packages for multiple accounts at once?
How can I enable international roaming for an account?
What is the procedure to enable international roaming for an account?
Can you tell me how I can enable international roaming for an account??
Can you enable international roaming for an account?
Will you be able to help me to enable international roaming for an account??
Can you guide me  I want to enable international roaming for one or more accounts?
What is the best way to enable international roaming for one or more accounts?
How do I activate international roaming on smart prepaid?
How do I put my phone on roaming?
How do I activate international roaming Telstra?
How do I turn on international roaming on my Samsung?
How do I turn on international roaming on Android?
How do I activate roaming?
How do I turn on international roaming?
Can I add international roaming and package on my account?
I need international roaming and packages on my account  what do I do?
How do I enable international roaming and packages on my account?
How can I activate the roaming service for this business account?
I will be on a business trip abroad  can I use my minutes there?
is it possible to enable int/ roaming for all accounts at once?
does enabling international roaming on more than one account cost extra?
do you enable this service remotely?
what can i do to enable international roaming ?
Do you charge a service if I enable the service?
when should I enable international roaming?
Is it possible to send me the steps to enable int roaming ?
Can you provide me with information ?
Can I enable international roaming myself?
How do I enable international roaming?
Can you help me with enabling my account for international roaming and packages?
I am planning to use my business connection internationally and want to know the porcess to get my number enabled for the same
What steps should I take to ensure my number is enabled for international roaming while I travel for business next week?
Could you walk me through the process of activating my connection for international roaming packages?
What should I do to get international roaming services on my connection?
Could you give me details on international roaming packages and the process to enable it on my connection?
Hi  this is my account# and I need some info on enabling internal roaming and packages on this account
Could you get my connection ready for internal roaming as I am travelling abroad shortly?
I would like to use my number while I travel internationally and need to know the process
How should I go about getting my number activated for international roaming? Who should I talk to  to get my account ready for international roaming?
Can you tell me about the packages for international roaming services as I would need to get my sim activated for the same soon
Could you tell me how to get my sim activated for international roaming?
What should I do to get my sim enabled for international roaming?
I have this business account with you and I need you to enable my account for international roaming
Are there are extra charges and other terms I need to know about for activating international roaming and packages on my account
What should I do to use my sim while I travel abroad?
I would like to enquire on the process of enabling international roaming and package services on my business account
I am travelling in few weeks for business and would like to know how to activate international roaming services on my account
Does subscription of roaming happen automatically or i need to ask customer care?
Does my mobile support roaming package?
I am out of country How to enable service for other counrty using same number?
Can you please help me to actiave roaming package?
How do I turn international roaming on?
I want to know if international roaming is available on my phone  if no then enable it
Please activate international roaming plan as i am going abroad next week
As I have a plan to travel this month  I would like to enable international roaming on my number
What is the process to activate international roaming on my number?
Can you help to activate international roaming on my number?
How to turn off and turn on international roaming
How to enable international roaming for business customers?
Does my business account eligible for free international roaming?
Does my phone supports international roaming?
Do I need to talk to a person to add international package and roaming to my account?
I need a enable international roaming on mine account
Can you enable international roaming on mine account
I would like to enable international roaming on mine account
Can you enable international roaming on mine account?
Special benefits when moving abroad
Does my SIM suport international roaming?
Information about international roaming?
Can I activate international roaming in my phone?
Activate internation roaming?
Procedure to activate International roaming?
My account does not have international package  but I need it from some upcoming travel  what can I do?
How to activate international roaming?
International roaming?
Could you please explain how to enable international roaming and package on my Etisalat account ?
What are the process for enable international roaming and package on my Etisalat account ?
I need your help for enabling international roaming and package on my Etisalat account ?
I would like to enable international roaming and package on my Etisalat account ?   how to do the same?
I need to enable international roaming and package on my Etisalat account   how it possible ?
What to do for enable international roaming and package on my Etisalat account ?
Sir please help me to enable international roaming and package on my Etisalat account ?
I Planned for an international trip & would like to use my number for trip  what can I do?
Sir   I want to enable international roaming on my account   what can i do for the same?
How to enable international roaming and package on my Etisalat account ?
Can I talk to a person about enabling an international package and international roaming?
Can we activate international roaming and packages via online website ?
Can you activate international roaming for my small bussiness account ?
Roaming on now
Please turn roaming on
Turn international roaming on
Do we need to submit any document to enable international roaming ?
What is the approval process for international roaming ?
I would require international roaming to be turned on
What is the process to enable international roaming and packages ?
how much it would cost me to enable international roaming on my account?
It is possible to activate international roaming?
I would like to activate international roaming on mine account
How can I use my number on an international trip?
Can you help me enable international roaming on mine account
I would like to use my number in another country
What is the process enable international roaming on mine account?
What international packages do you have that include roaming and how to I enable them on my account?
I would like to enable international roaming and packaging on my phone  what are my options?
Can you please tell me who to contact to enable international roaming and packages on my account?
What steps do I need to take to enable international roaming and packages on my account?
What options are available to add to my account that include international roaming and international package?
I need international packing that includes roaming on my account  is that something you can help me with?
What do I need to do to add international roaming and package to my account?
Can I login to my account online and add an international package that includes roaming?
How quickly can you add international packaging and roaming to my accounting?
Can I make changes to my account  to add international package and roaming?
How can I subscribe to international roaming?
Please activate roaming package
Activate roaming package
Activate roaming now  please
Activate roaming
I need roaming turned on please
When do I use my connection in foreign countries?
What is the process to enable roaming for my connection?
Can you please help me with enabling the international roaming for my connection?
How can I enable the international roaming for my connection?
Is it possible to use my mobile with connection in another country?
How can I use my mobile with connection in another country?
Do I need any additional roaming packages enabled to travel abroad?
Who can help me to enable international roaming and packages?
Where can I find the information to enable international roaming and packages?
Is it possible to enable international roaming and packages?
Can I enable international roaming and packages?
I need to enable international roaming and packages but dont know how?
I do not know how to enable international roaming and packages?
I want to enable international roaming and packages  how shall I do?
What should I do to get international roaming and packages enabled?
I would like to enable international roaming and packages?
Tell me the steps to enable international roaming and packages??
Is there a way to enable international roaming and packages??
Kindly let me know how can international roaming and packages be enabled?
What should I do to enable international roaming and packages?
I have a question about enabling international roaming and packages?
I have a request  how to enable international roaming and packages??
What is the best way to enable international roaming and packages?
Can you guide me  I want to enable international roaming and packages?
Will you be able to help me to enable international roaming and packages?
Can you enable international roaming and packages for me?
Can you tell me how I can enable international roaming and packages?
What is the procedure to enable international roaming and packages?
How can I enable international roaming and packages?
Can you enable international roaming packages for me in my account?
I would like to use my phone on a trip in a foreign country  what should I do?
What steps do I need to take to subscribe to roaming packages?
Please tell me how to subscribe for international roaming and packages
Can you subscribe roaming packages for me?
I want to subscribe for roaming packages  how can I do this?
I would like to subscribe to roaming packages  how can I accomplish this?
In which way I can book international roaming packages?
How to use international roaming package
What do I have to do to subscribe for international roaming and packages?
I have a request  how to enable international roaming for an account?
I have a question about enabling international roaming for one or more accounts?
What should I do to enable international roaming for an account?
Kindly let me know how can international roaming for an account?
Is there a way to enable international roaming for one or more accounts?
Tell me the steps to enable international roaming for an account?
I would like to enable international roaming for an account?
What should I do to get international roaming for an account?
I want to enable international roaming for an account  how shall I do that?
I do not know how to enable international roaming for an account?
I need to enable international roaming for an account but dont know how?
Can I enable international roaming for an account?
Is it possible to enable international roaming for one or more accounts?
Where can I find the information to enable international roaming for an account?
Who can help me to enable international roaming for an account?
Can you please enable international roaming packages for the accounts     ?
How can we use use mobile with connection in another country for the accounts     ?
Is it possible to use our mobiles with connection in another country for the accounts     ?
Can you please activate the international roaming for the accounts   and ?
Can you please help me with enabling the international roaming for the accounts   and ?
What is the process to enable roaming for the accounts     ?
The customers with account numbers       are travelling abroad  can you please activate the roaming packages for them?
What are packages available to use on foreign countries for the accounts     ?
What are the packages available for the accounts     connection to use on foreign countries?
Would you help me with the available international roaming packages for the accounts   and ?
We need to enable international roaming for our accounts
Can you guide me through the process of activation roaming for our phones?
How do we book international roaming for our accounts?
Some of our employees will go abroad and will need to use their phones What are our options?
We need to use the internet abroad on our devices Please guide us on how to proceed
How can we add roaming packages to our devices?
How can we subscribe to international roaming for all of our accounts?
Is there a roaming option that will cover several accounts?
Can you provide roaming for our phones?
How can we add a roaming plan to all our company's numbers?
We have several accounts and need to book minutes for using our devices abroad
What is the process to enable international roaming and packages for one or more accounts ?
Are there any discount offers on international roaming in bulk activation for one or more accounts ?
What is the approval process for international roaming for one or more accounts ?
Do we need to submit any document to enable international roaming for one or more accounts ?
Any easy process to enable internationla roaming for one or more accounts ?
How long does activation of international roaming takes for one or more accounts ?
What are the available packages for international roaming for one or more accounts ?
Can you activate international roaming for one or more accounts ?
Can we activate international roaming and packages via online website for one or more accounts ?
To activate international roaming for one or more accounts  can you send me list of packages ?
Could you please activate international roaming for the following account numbers?
Sir   we want to enable international roaming on some accounts   what can we do for the same?
We Planned for an international trip & would like to use our Etisalat number for trip  what can we do?
Sir please help me to enable international roaming and package on our Etisalat accounts ?
What to do for enable international roaming and package on Etisalat accounts ?
How to enable international roaming and package on Etisalat accounts ?
I need to enable international roaming and package on Etisalat accounts   how it possible ?
I would like to enable international roaming and package on some Etisalat accounts ?   how to do the same?
I need your help for enabling international roaming and package on some of our employee's Etisalat account  can I?
What are the process for enable international roaming and package on Etisalat accounts ?
Could you please explain how to enable international roaming and packages on Etisalat accounts for employees in our company ?
How to enable international roaming for multiple accounts at once?
Discounts on Internatinal roaming for business customers?
Can I switch international roaming package from one account to other?
Procedure to enable/ disable international roaming for multiple accounts at once?
Enabling International romaing for multiple accounts?
Can I enable internamtional roaming on multiple account at once?
What is the procedure to enable international roaming on multiple accounts at once?
Guidelines to activate international roaming in multiple accounts at once
Is there any simple way to activate international roaming on multiple accounts at once?
Am I allowed to activate international romaing on multiple accouts at once?
Activating international roaming on all accounts at once
International roaming for multiple accounts
I am travelling abroad next week Please share some international roaming plans
Can you please guide me to activate roaming package?
Does my mobile number comes with roaming package?
three of my employees will be using their business numbers while travelling internationally and need their numbers activated for the same
I need to know how to go about enabling exisiting connections for international roaming
Can you guide me through the process of enabling international roaming on multiple accounts?
What steps should I take to ensure my team members are able to use their sims while travelling abroad?
Could you give me details on data packages for international roaming
We will be travelling globally and need nonstop roaming access on our exisiting connections  so how should we go about it?
I need help on getting roaming packages that are autorenewed on couple of connections that we will use while travelling
Will you able to help get some of our business connections ready for global usage?
Activate these accounts #    and for international roaming and let me know if any extra costs are incurred
I need roaming access to activated on few of our business connections
Could you turn on roaming services on business accounts#    and
We need to be able to use some of our connections for making and receiving calls while we travel abroad next week Can you get this done?
Can you suggest few plans for global usage on multiple business connections?
We need few business connections equipped with international roaming by next week Could you help me with it?
What packages should I choose to enable international roaming on my sim?
Could you ensure we are able to use these connections#    and while we travel overseas in few days?
What are the best roaming packages you offer and how to enable them on our mobile?
I need to attend incoming calls while I travel abroad and don't know how to get it done Please help
Will I have to renew my roaming services manually or will you be able to activate it at onego?
I am looking for someone to help me have roaming services enabled on few business connections for daily usage
How can I enable international roaming?
Can you do it remotely ?
When can I start using international roaming after enabling it?
What are the benefits?
Can you send me th benefits for my account?
Will you send me a package for more than one employee ?
Can we have a package to all the employees from one account?
do we get charged for more than one user?
Can I enable international roaming for more then one account?
Can you guide me on how to enable international roaming?
We will be attending a conference abroad and we would like to avail of your roaming package for several business accounts
Can you please enable the roaming services to some of our business phones?
Can I request for roaming activation in your website?
Business Accounts Roaming IVR
Transfer this call to the Business Accounts Department for roaming activation for multiple numbers
Can we use the roaming services in any country?
Can our business phone make intercountry phone calls?
What is the best option for our company to use our mobile phone while we are travelling to another country?
My business partner and I need to contact eacher as we are in two separate countries  would that be possible?
What can we do to request data services to all of the business phones we have for several accounts?
How do I use international roaming with Etisalat Digital and Globe Prepaid?
How do I activate international roaming on Telkom mobile with Etisalat Digital?
How do you activate international roaming on Etisalat with multiple account?
How do I make international calls with Telkom via Etisalat?
Can I make international calls on my cell phone when roaming?
Can you make international calls for free in Etisalat?
Is there an app to make free international calls?
How do I turn on international roaming on my Etisalat Digital with multiple account?
What is needed from me to add international roaming and package on my account?
I need to activate international roaming
How can I activate international roaming?
I need international roaming enabled
Just out of interest that I need to make this account number effective abroad
Possibly can you provide the means to make this account active outside the country
Well   I want to make this account ready to operate out of the country
What exactly should this account owner do to use his account number when travelling
How do you suppose can I qualify to use this account number abroad
What it takes for setting up international roaming and packages on this account
If this account owner is going to travel abroad  could you make possible to enable international roaming and packages on his/her account
Would you be kind enough to accredit international roaming and packages on this account
Perhabs you can facilitate operating international roaming and packages on these accounts
May you enable international roaming and packages on this account
Regrading International package
How to setup international roaming package
How to allow international roaming
How to activate international roaming package
What is the procedure to turn on international roaming
How to subscribe to international roaming package
What is international roaming package
What are the offers for moving abroad
what are the schemes available when moving abroad
Need to know the packages availabe for international roaming?
May i Know the possible packages to activate international roaming?
May i Know the packages available for activating international roaming?
May i know the procedure to activate international roaming?
IS it possible to activate international roaming for one country?
what are the packages available to activate international roaming?
is it possible to activate international roaming package online?
what is the procedure to activate international roaming in my account?
what is amount for activating international roaming?
what is the package to activate international roaming along with internet?
What is package to activate international roaming?
How to enable international roaming for my number?
why is my international roaming not automatically enabled
how to enable international roaming package
my international roaming packages are not working can you fix it
can you plz enable my roaming packages
will you please have my roaming packages activated
where do i find international roaming package settings
how do i get my roaming packages activated
how can i enable my roaming packages
i need my roaming packages enabled
can you enable my international roaming packages
what documents should I submit to activate Internamtional roaming
How can I activate International roaming package
Subscribing to International roaming package has any specific details needed?
what are the ways for activating International roaming in my sim?
Does all sim types subscribe to international roaming package? Is there any specific requirement for it?
What are the details required in enabling international roaming packages?
what should be done to activate international roaming package?
Is it possible to activate International roaming package for my number?
where should I register to subscribe for International roaming
How can I take up International roaming package
International roaming on
If I need to enable international roaming apckages what are the details needed from my side?
can you please check if international roaming package can be enabled on my number
what is the procedure for enabling International roaming package
I need to travel outside the country How can I subscribe to roaming packages
How can I enable International roaming package
To make ISD call to my parents   how can i enable my current number
what is the procedure to activate the internation romaing on my number
How to activate the international package for a month
Please enable international roaming for my account
What is the message format to enable international package through message
Is there any way to enable the ISD package in my number by myself
I have called to enquire about the international roaming packages to enable it
Can you enable the international package for my number?
What do I need to enable international roaming and packages?
Can you help me enable international roaming and packages?
Where do I go to enable international roaming and packages?
International roaming and packages enabled?
Enable international roaming and packages?
Is my international roaming and packages enabled?
If I need to enable international roaming and packages  where can I do so?
How can I turn on international roaming and packages?
Can I turn on international roaming and packages?
Where can I enable international roaming and packages?
Can I use international roaming and packages?
I need to use international roaming and packages?
How can I use international roaming and packages?
How to enable international roaming and packages?
I need to enable international roaming and packages?
Is there anyway to enable international roaming and packages?
Is it easy to enable international roaming and packages?
May I know the steps in enabling international roaming and packages?
How do I activate international roaming and packages?
How can I set up international roaming and packages on my device?
Can I enable international roaming and packages before the flight?
In what ways can I enable international roaming and packages?
What do I need to do to enable international roaming and packages?
Where can I find instructions in enabling international roaming and packages?
I am travelling abroad  how can I enable international roaming and packages?
I need you to give me access to international roaming and packages
How do I use my phone overseas?
How do I know if I am International Roaming Vodafone?
Do I need to activate international roaming Vodafone?
How do I get international roaming on Vodacom?
How do I turn roaming on?
Do I want data roaming on or off?
I would like to know the ISD calls which was made from my postpaid SIM last year
please mention how much roaming charges were applied last month on my account?
Can I have the bill for Data consumed in last year
How to check a specific bill details
My previous bill look strange  can you check if the amount is correct?
Could you help me with the count of incoming calls i have received so far
Apart from voice & data  any charges incurred for extra benefits
Let me know the ISD roaming charges i have been charged
Please advise me the how much data package I have consumed for the llast month
I need to enquire about Add ons monthly rental in the bill What is it about?
can I get the more details on Addons monthly rental
In my elife services bill I can see some amount under benefits Can I please know why the amount was charged?
where can I check for the details on the benefit charges present in my elife services bill
is it possible for me to get information on the the add on charges in my elife services bill
What is the process involved in getting information on a specific charge imposed in my bill
Please let me know the way I can get more information on the add on charges present in my elife services bill
I see an extra amount charged this time in my elife ervices bill Can I get information on why this amount was charged?
There is a one time charge added in my bill How can I check for its details?
How can I get details on the extra charges added to my postpaid bill?
The data charges that appear in my postpaid bill seems to be more How can I request details about it
Is there a way I can get complete details on the data surcharge added in my postpaid bill?
If there is any extra information that I need on any of the charges added in my bill  how can I get its details
I need some extra details on a specific item in my prepaid bill where can I raise it?
Let me know the count of outgoing ISD calls for last month
Whome should I contact to get more details on a special charge imposed in my last months postpaid bill
Please help me in getting the details of the surcharge fee added in my last months elife services bill
The elife services bills seems to have charged AED more How can I check for its details
where can I crosscheck the details on an extra amount charged in my elife services bill
Can I get a detailed information on the add on charges in my last months postpaid bill?
I would like to know more about the data charges mentioned in m elife services bill Please let me know a way to check it
How much data did i use last month
Provide me *octobers data usage bill
Did my account upgrade its dataplan last month
Did i buy any add ons to my current subscription
Provide me my roaming charges for *September
When did i request for router replacements
Why is my November bill not reflected in my account
When did i change my data subscription
How much was i billed for *July
To get more information on single bill
How to get Specific information foe each bill
How to get single bill details
Procedure to view bill details
How to check details for a specific bill
Ways to view specific bill
How to get ellaborate information on a single bill
How to fetch a single bills information
How to display a single bills details
Can you tell me the bill amount?
I need to know the bill amount
I need an itemized bill
I need an itemized statement
I need more information about my bill
I need more information about my invoice
I need more details about my invoice
I have a problem with my bill
I have a problem with my invoice
How many minutes did Paul use in the last month?
What was the overall amount of SMS send in the last year?
Which packages were booked in the previous days?
Procedure to view bills based on query
According to the bill from May  which amount of data was used?
Can I see a specific bill
How to retrieve specific bill details
How high was the tax amount in the bill from May?
Tell me the total bill amount including tax for Paul in January
I would like to know the exact amount of minutes which were charged in May
Can I see my text message details
I am looking for the correct invoice amount to pay  can you please tell me what is it?
Can you tell me what was the data usage for previous bill?
Will you provide a detailed breakdown of the fees on my last bill?
Do you know where I can see the monthly benefits in the bill?
Are you able to give me the details of all phone calls on my past bills?
What was my total data usage in previous bill?
Is it possible to get the detailed text message that are on my bill dated July   ?
How can I get daily data usage information from my last bills?
How much is the total data package I do not see in the bill?
I would like to know my benefit packages from last month?
I see my data package is over charged in the bill  how much is the actual cost for data package?
Can you please tell me why there is no detailed bill for this month?
Why the total cost is different from previous bill?
Can you tell me the SMS costs for this bill?
What was the total usage of my data in previous bill?
I do not see the bank account details in the bill to make payment  can you give the details?
Can I see in the previous bill how many SMS are sent?
Can you tell me the roaming charges from my bill?
Where can I find the calls details in my bill?
I don�t see SMS details in my bill  why?
I don�t know  what is the data I used in last month  how can I check in the bill?
I would like to see the Internet data details in my bill
Can you help me to understand the bill details please?
Where do I find my reward points for the bill?
Where can I see the discount details in the bill?
Where can I find the due amount in the bill?
How many minutes were spent on international calls on account [number] in April ?
How many international calls did user [name] make in September ?
How much data was billed to our accounts in May and June ?
How much data was used by our account [number] in August ?
Can you tell me how many SMS were invoiced to user [name] in the last month?
How many minutes of incoming roaming calls were billed to account [number] in March ?
How many calls were charged on our account [number] when roaming in November ?
Can you give me the total of our December invoice?
How much did we have to pay for foreign data consumption in February this year?
How many outgoing calls did you charge account [number] in the last two months?
Can you look up how much we had to pay for calls to service numbers in the last quarter?
Can you provide list of information which you can provide from account bills ?
Which all specific information can be requested from account bills ?
Will you be able to provide specific information from account bills ?
How can we request for specific information from account bills ?
Whom can we request for specific information from account bills ?
Will you be able to provide past months bills specific information ?
Whom can we contact for getting specific information from account bills ?
Will be able to send specific information from account bills to my email account ?
Do you have specific information from account bills which can be shared with me ?
How much specific information from account bills will you be able to share with me ?
I would like to know the data usage of my last month?
How much data have I consumed as of now?
How much data have consumed on last month for this account?
Please provide the roaming charges in the month of Nov on my account number xxxxx?
Sir please help me to get the detailed bill for the month April
I got a huge bill amount for June   so i need detailed bill about call & data
I need a complete call history for the following months June to August
I need your help for getting detailed billed data for the account for march
I want to know the call details for the month January
I need a separate printout for call details & data for last month bill
Where can I see dates on my previous bill?
Where can I find total amount in last months bill?
How to check my usage in my bill?
Where can I find my personal details in my bill?
Where are the help line details on the bill?
What is the current bill consists of?
Where can I find my usage details in current bill?
How to understand the current bill?
How to find outstanding balance on my bill?
Whome to contact to change incorrect information on my bill?
I have been charged extra for roaming in my mobile bill but I was not in roaming
Why I have been charged for hello tune in my mobile bill when I have not subscribed it?
I see VAS charges levied on my mobile number  Please check
Was the ramathan offer included in my *May bill
what Is the cost for data usage in my prevoius billl?
what is the total number outgoing calls for last month in my previuos bill?
What is cost claimed for SMS in my previous month bill?
IS there any internation call details mention the previous month bills?
what is the reason that the bill amoumt high for last month ?
what is the problem for not activating my data for this month ?
Is there high data usage for last month ?
what is the amount for call per minute ?
what is the amount for the data per GB?
what is my current outstanding to be paid?
Where do I check for details
How to get detail on a specific bill
How to information on certain bill
How to see details of bill in particular
please send me a copy of my bill with data charges mentioned for past months
please inform me about my data usage for past months time period
how much data i consumed in june and July?
how many sms i sent internationally last month?
need to inquire the data consumption on my phone past month
can you show me my data gistory from march to may ?
ned to see the international calls and sms made from my phone for last months
Will you please tell me in detail why my bill increased by this month?
Need the totals for this bill
How do I get the name on this bill
How do I get the payee for this bill?
Where can I find the mailing address for this bill?
Where is the payby date for this bill?
Why do I have two billing cycles on our recent biil?
Does our bill has charges for the apps that we have downloaded?
When did the charges on a live steaming website started?
I would like to ask if I could qualify for an installment plan payment for my bill
I amd confused with the charges that shows on my bill  can someone explain this to me?
When is the last payment that was posted on the account?
How much is the last bill we paid?
How much I get overdue payments form my bill?
How much can I charge for late bill?
How much data have I consumed last month?
How many GB does the average used per month?
How can I check my data usage in postpaid for my bill charge?
How can I check my balance bill online?
How much data does the average use per month?
How do I limit data usage on my phone to cut my bills?
What happens if I go over my data limit?
How do you stop going over your data to cutoff my bills?
Can you please tell me the total amount due of my previous bill?
Can you please tell me the due date of my previous bill?
Can you please tell me my total current bill charges?
Can you please tell me my remaining balance from previous bill?
Can you please tell me the period covering my previous bill?
Can you please confirm the payment made from my previous bill?
Can you please tell me the detailed list of calls made from my previous bill?
Can you please tell me the detailed list of services subscribed from my previous bill?
Can you please tell me the detailed list of addon services from my previous bill?
Can you please tell me the remaining credit from my previous bill?
Can I request details about the adjustment on the bill?
Can I request details about the call charges?
May I ask detail about the onetime charge?
Can I get details about the refund reflected on the bill?
May I know what was the amount due on my past bill?
Can I get the Bill No of my past bill?
May I know what was the total amount on my previous bill for the Balance Carried Forward?
How can I get information on my previous bill?
Can I get information on my previous bill?
Is there anyway to get information on my previous bill?
Where can I get information on of my previous bill?
I need a information on my previous bill
How to get information on my previous bill?
How can I information on my previous bill?
I need to get information on my previous bill?
Can I get some data on my previous bill?
Where to go for information on my previous bill?
Can request some information on my previous bill?
How can request information on my previous bill?
If I need information on my previous bill  where can I get one?
Are information on my previous bill available?
Get information on my previous bill
Previous bill info?
Where do I go for information on my previous bill?
Can you give me information on my previous bill?
Are you able to get information on previus bill?
What do I need to get information on my previous bill?
In my previous bill how much am I charged for voice calls
How much gb was billed during my last month
I want to see how much international charges were applied on the account # from June to August
How much I have charged for using data beyond the limit for last month
Is there any calls being chaged more than free calss
Is there any taxes waved on my bill for the month of Sep
How much will i be charged if i exceed the time to ay my last month balance
What is my due amount to pay after reduction
How many calls i have made for this year
Please confirm the tax amount which is levied on my bill
I did opt for plan but in bill plan activated showing for Please check and correct the same
Why SMS charges are levied on my bill  SMS service is free on my phone?
I paid the bill on time then why the late payment charges are showing on my bill
I am being charged extra in my last month bill  Can you please check
Last month bill is also included in this month's bill  Please check and share the correct bill
I was supposed to get free SMS for last month and would like you to check if there are charges applied for SMS last month
What are the roaming charges that have been applied on my business account?
My itemized bill is unclear for August and I want you to check if there are discounts applied as per my offer
I want you to tell me which data plan has been documented on my invoice for November
Can you confirm the data used for the last billing cycle
For account# and   can you tell me what are the roaming charges on each?
Check on the outstanding amount and let me know how much I have to pay for this cycle
I need to know my landline and mobile charges from my statement seperately
I changed by roaming plan midmonth and want to verify the plan applied on my invoice
Could you clarify my subscription deadline from my August statement?
How much mobile data has been consumed for October on my business account?
I need more details about my bill
What in the internet calling plan charges for last month on my mobile package?
Are there upgrading charges for my business plan applied as I thought these were free?
I would like to verify the tax amount on my bill for the last billing cycle
I need to know if my payments has been made from my bank or my mobile wallet for November on my itemized bill
As per my business plan  can you verify the download speed noted on my statement?
Give me an itemized breakdown of the individual charges applied on my business account for the month of April
Tell me the data consumed on my invoice for the last days in October
I need instructions or information on specific thing on the bill?
Is it possible to have information on a specific bill?
Why I am charged an amount that I didn't use?
There is a charge on the bill that looks suspicious  Can I know what it is?
I would like to ask about the late fee charge that shows on the bill
What is the additional charge for minutes that is on our bill?
can you tell me how much data I consumed last month?
How can I get my outstanding bill for the sim which is lost
I would like to have my bill for the data usage on international roaming?
Is it possible to retrieve the bill for recharges done for my prepaid account?
I would like to have my bill for consumed Calls with call list
Can I know the STD call list made in last month?
Please let me know the SMS costed me this year
Can you tell me the roaming charges happened to me in last months
I would like to know how much it costed me for Caller tunes last year
What color  have impact to you?
Of all the colors which is your favorite?
Which of the colors is your favorite?
Can you identify your favorite color?
Are there any colors do you like?
Do you like any colors?
Hey what is your favorite color?
I love pink how about you?
Which is your favorite color red or green?
My favorite color is green what is yours?
How many colors do you like?
I love the color green do you?
I love colors do you?
Tell me what your favorite color is.
Can I have your favorite color?
What’s your fave color?
Are pastel or bright colors your favorite?
Do you prefer warm or cool hues?
What is the best color ever?
Name your favorite color.
What color do you like the best?
What is your color preference?
What color best suits you?
Do you have a color preference?
What color do you like best?
Favorite color is?
Which color do you prefer over the others?
Any favorite color?
What is the favorite color of yours?
Is there any favorite color you want?
What color is your fave?
What's your favorite color?
What color do you love?
What color crayon would you pick first?
What color makes you happy?
What color of clothes do you normally wear?
Do you have your favorite color? What is it?
Can you describe your favorite color?
What is your most favorite color?
Can I know what is your favorite color?
Can you let me know what color you like the most?
What color do you prefer before all others?
Can you tell me what color you like best?
When talking about colors what is your favorite?
what is your favorite color?
is your favorite color
do you have a favorite color?
tell me a good color
tell me about your favorite color
tell me the color you like
tell me your favorite color
what color is your favorite
what color is good
what color do you like
ur favorite color
your favorite color
choose a color you like
favorite color
what would be a good color
a color you like
Is etisalat color your favorite color ?
are you have favorite color ?
do you have favorite color in sign of etisalat ?
can you tell us which your favorite color you want see it in sign of etsalat?
what is the your most loved color ?
do you have any favorite color ?
what color do you prefer ?
what is the color that you adore ?
what is your top color ?
what is your preferred color?
tell my your favourite color?
is there some color you prefer?
do prefer a certain color?
Do you have a favourite colour?
Name your favourite colour.
Do you as a bot have a favourite colour?
Do you like the colour green?
Please tell me your favourite colour. Mine is green.
Which color is your favorite?
Is there a color that you would prefer?
Which color would you choose?
What's the color of your preference?
Which color your love?
Which color you like?
Can you tell me – which your favorite color?
Which colors are the best one for you?
Can you say me which color you love?
What color do you like?
Tell me your favorite color.
I would like to know what color you like?
What color do you prefer?
Is there a favorite color?
Can you tell me your favorite color?
Do I get to know yout favorite color?
I would like to know your favorite color.
Is there a color that you favor?
what is your preferred colour called?
If you had to choose a colour – which would it be?
which colour do you like best?
what is the colour you like the most?
can you tell me your favourite colour?
If you could chose one color which one would it be?
Your favorite color is?
Which color do you like the most?
which colour do you prefer
what colour do you like most
What colour please you most
Can you name of your favorite color
What's the ame of the color you prefer most
What color do you like the most?
Which is your favourate color?
Tell me about your favourate color.
I want to know about your favourate color.
Hey Whats your favourate color?
What color you like always
The color you like most
Which color is your bestie
You seem to like to only one colour and what is that
What colour you prefer
Tell me the favorite color?
Can I know your favorite color?
Favorite color?
Which color do you prefer the most?
Do you have a favorite color and what is it?
which is your favorite color?
black is my favorite clolor whats yours?
What's your preferred color?
What's your special color?
What's your favoured color
What's your beloved color
Can you tell me your ideal color
Please tell me about your favorite color.
Let me know of your favorite color.
I want to know about your favorite color.
what colour you like?
name your favourite color?
do you like any color?
Can you tell your favourite colour?
do you like white or black? Do you have anay other fav colour?
Which color do you like?
Tell me the color you prefer.
What color you are interested in?
What color do you like most?
May I know about your favorite color?
Is that your favorite color?
Do you have any favorite color?
Can you tell me your favourite color?
My favourite color is pink. What your's?
Tell me your favourite color.
Do you had any favourite color? If yes then what?
I want to know which color is your favourite. Tell me that.
What would be your favorite color ?
Which color is your favorite ?
How many colors are your favorite ?
Your choice of favorite color ?
Why black is your favorite color ?
I want to know your favorite color.
May I know your favorite color?
what color do you love most?
whats color o you like best?
can you tell me about your favorite color?
my favorite color is blue whats yours?
I like blue best what about you?
What is you favorite color?
What color are you attracted to?
Tell me you favorite color.
What color you prefer?
Which is color do you prefer?
Do you like light colors?
How do you choose your colors?
What's your opinion about dark colors?
How do you select your colors?
What color is your favorite?
Do you have a favorite color? What is it?
What color do you prefer the most?
Which color do you prefer?
What color are you fond of?
Which color do you want?
Pick your favorite color.
I like blue what's yours?
Does your favorite color belongs to the shade of blue?
Tell me more about your favorite color.
What is your preffered color?
What color do you always prefer?
Which is your most preferred color?
What's the color you would always choose?
Which color do you refer best?
What's the color you liked the most?
Can I ask you what your favorite color is?
I personally liked green most. How about you?
What color  that you love ?
Your favorite color what is it?
What kind of color that you want?
What is the best color to you?
What kind of color that you like?
